Elon is me presenting to a class on a project I didn't know was due that day.
apple: we released a new $52,000 computer!
Elon Musk: so did we, except it's even better, and comes with a vehicle attached!
Finally, a truck that I can draw...
The glass broke because when he was hitting the door with sledgehammer the window fell down. As you saw in the video before when the window was getting tested from above they tighted it each time they moved up. So because the window fell down slightly there was nothing at the top to support it so it smashed.
I'm happy to live with Elon Musk in the same century
At 15:45 someone in the crowd said “take my money” Elon laughed and was like “we will be taking that soon”
If they don't make a truck that looks like this, who else has the balls?
To me, it's mind-blowing -- and not so much the truck, but the thought process it instigated. 
First, when I saw the cybertruck, I thought: "WTF?! It has to be a joke!"
But then I realized:
1) It's a truck. 
I fret over my car's paint so much, I park in the corner spot every time, and there have been at least 3 occasions when it was repainted/repaired b/c of a super-minor scratch/scrape/dent. 
This thing is literally bullet-proof.
2) Cost savings are immense -- that's why it cost only 40K. 
Any decent reasonably-equipped truck these days pretty much cost as much -- and this thing has autopilot standard, air suspension standard, and can haul 14K lbs. It's insane.
3) It's goal-oriented, plain and simple. 
Elon has literally re-thought the entire concept of a truck. Nowadays it's an SUV with a bed. His truck can haul deer, concrete, metal, rocks, blood, gore, shit, sharps -- and be just hosed down to get back into pristine shape.
This was the reason I invested in Tesla and never looked back. I grew so much respect for Elon after that incident and the way he handled it. It was amazing, and maybe it was planned, maybe not but ,either way, pure genius, and his reaction after the glass got hit was where the legend was born
You can feel the lack of excitement  he had after the unexpected fault with the window glass breakage. But throughout he didn't lose his composure and that's a legend he is. Guy handles four incredible companies and himself devotes a lot into Tesla and you can imagine how many workhours he has invested into the design of the cybertruck and yet such a silly mistake happened. If it werent for him, then you could have seen a CEO turning a mad guy
CyberTruck is a leapfrog in the industry even with the minor window fail. It has set the new standard for what to expect.
3:29 There was the smoke, the fire, the laser show...now THAT's the way to intro the most badass pickup truck ever!
Why everybody hating, chill out, the textures haven’t loaded in yet.
Some BS and fails in this unveiling, but would I want one? ABSOLUTELY!  LOVE the raw and durable stainless exterior, 6.5 bed with built in cover, and a tailgate with a built in loading ramp. The suspension is awesome, and the acceleration is mind blowing. Musk is literally dissecting everything imperfect in modern vehicles and providing solutions.  At first I criticized him for being a terrible speaker, but then I realized it doesn't matter if he is some perfect speaker...almost all of those people are full of sh*t. He is real and raw and a genius.
After the glass broke, his composure shattered for a while. Somebody's gonna pay for that.
I love how everyone is treating the glass cracking like a huge travesty any other car the ball would’ve gone clean through both windows
we love the truck! we got lucky enough to get invited to the event to see the unveiling which we did a vlog on, and once we saw the truck, we knew this was going to change the world.
Thank you Elon musk for building the truck of the future technology styling from the ground up you literally have created the truck of the future. When time presents itself justified my next vehicle will be a Tesla truck without a doubt without a hesitation without comparing only on my spare time designing and r&d the perfect surround sound system for it. And as you suggested start a aftermarket tunnel cover that slides as well as lifts up depending on the four wheel off-road dirt bike. I was blown away when the price tag was that reasonable for a middle class worker. See I got nothing but love for this world and that's why I'm already a millionaire and when the paper with printed Dead Presidents on it confirms the others that I am what I already know I'm still going to buy that truck and I don't really see a reason to buy anything else maybe a four-door truck. I try to calculate how you were able to do this and offer it at a price so reasonable and the only conclusion that came to mind was it ain't about the money for you you're making a profit just to keep the company profitable but I  know after crunching the numbers last night you're doing this for the people you are literally doing this for the middle class workers. I've already got so many ideas of aftermarket little interior exterior motion activated simultaneous triggered alarm/r f night vision cameras for security as well as to provide the best video to put together as memories for myself and to share it with you too in the future and I'm talking multiple . Thank you so much providing AC inverter stock with the vehicle. Where most companies would have purposely not made it stock knowing there's a good aftermarket for that I love the style it was all about aerodynamics when drag and yes bulletproof I like I just need to figure out where to hide my ultra high output light that just stun those that want to harm me for whatever reason to where they think they encountered a UFO and they don't remember why they're there it's a spectrum of lights and a certain output that makes a deer freeze and he doesn't know why well as humans ain't that much different I'm excited man thank you very much for your contribution
Does anyone else get the feeling that some glass engineers just lost their jobs?
The future is now :) Really exciting times thanks to Elon. I hope Tesla will stay this bold forever.
I am a fan of science fiction.  I've waited for this car all my life.  Thanks Elon, the cybertruck will definitely be mine.
Question, can the cameras for the mirrors do as good as a job as tow mirrors?
Elon really opened up the presentation with his virtual wifu.
When the ball hit the glass, Elon’s first reaction was “oh my ducking gosh”
If i lived in the 80's and someone said to me design a truck from 2020. This would be it.
Thank you Elon. Nice truck. You are making this world better.
So many car companies make concept cars that look like something from the future...but never actually release such a model. Elon just did it.
I get the feeling that no matter how he unveils a new product, the audience and media will love it. He could come on stage clearly hung over, stuttering more than usual, barely even talking and just say “there it is that’s it, the cyber truck” and then hand it off to his crew to demonstrate and watch them from a distant corner while seated and wearing sunglasses indoors, possibly drinking from a flask or bottle in a paper bag.
All those key scratchers are going to need to up their game lol
I’m so glad to see  X Æ A-12 is following in his dad’s footsteps and designing cars
His cars are fairly decently priced, I kinda want one now 
i love that he built it to last.a truck worth buying and actually get hold its value.sorta like they did with the old muscle cars.so smart his truck will last 30 to 40 years
The thing I like about this truck is it IS everything he promised. It looks unique, it looks Bladerunner like, its faster than a Porsche, it will turn heads, and it hauls. I've already pre-ordered. That being said the presentation notably went a little down hill after the glass broke. I don't think this is a big deal as its pre-production, but it was just cringing to watch a live fail like that. I still have so much respect for Elon for taking a BOLD step that I pretty sure (outside of supercar designs) no one else would take.
That's a piece of history in the making! Thanks Mr Musk!
He is truly amazing!! So is his truck ! A huge hammer and no dent ? The glass cracks but don’t break! He is from the future!!
Great introduction. Love the truck and Elon Musk
This truck scratches at lvl 100 with deeper grooves on level 1000...
The more I look at it the bit it grows on me, I can't wait to see these on the roads
I think it was said to be metal glass, that is sintered aluminium, a fairly recent development. Transparent aluminium, according to Scotty of ST. The test panels were able to bounce in the frames when hit by the ball, perhaps disipating some of the KE of the ball. The in truck windows are held tightly in place. Plus I read on another channel where the ball was thrown at the windows a number of times preveal so may have been weakoned.
There's no way other manufacturers will even come close to getting close to the physics and technology used by Tesla.
Man I really want this truck,  it's just soo cool.
I've heard only bad things about this. But watching the full unveil has changed my mind - I want one
Teslas generally have stellar crash test records. However, I worry that this car is too solid, with no crumple zones to dissapate the impact.
This is a incredible pick up!! Very good tesla! I want one but i haven't got enough money
Literally everyone in the audience just wants to be heard.
Such a work of art I’m still waiting to buy one
I think we must salute to Elon Musk because he's having the ability to face the audience and media after the test with smiley face.
I should get one of these A it looks cool B it could save my life C I love Tesla and space x
So everyone's gonna ignore that Elon is morphing into The Terminator(I)?
I was taken aback at first but after seeing more pictures and understanding how very very tough this truck will be I’m really starting to like it.  Imagine the fun a person could have off roading it would be a blast. I have a feeling there will be some design changes before production starts.
I wonder where the bulletproof part comes from.  Stainless steel has strength properties very close to high strength steel.  The stainless steel would have to be about 1/4" thick to be able to resist even a 9 mm.   Also, the guy that hit the two vehicles with a hammer didn't hit the Telsa nearly as hard.   The reveal was pretty much leaned toward the Telsa.
It's too bad the glass situation, but to Elon's point, the steel ball didn't go through, which it would on any other car out there so still a good presentation in my eyes!
I love how Elon is so casual with everything
These trucks with those numbers and features at those prices are insane.
As a truck owner who’s truck works for a living... no side access to the bed is a huge drawback. Curious what the built in ramp is actually rated for, as it seems a bit more show than function, for the most part, if you want to load a mower without dropping the deck, you need arched ramps. The only really functional ability I see would be being able to raise the front and lower the rear creating a slight tilt bed effect. 

Basically Elon made a truck for California millennial liberal hipsters, not the working man. I’m betting if you ask for a snow plow package you might as well be asking for a cheese wheel rotator 
"The way I see it, if you're gonna build an EV into a pickup, why not do it in some style??  Besides, the stainless steel construction helps to... LOOK OUT!!!"  Elon has just traveled one minute into the future
Elon sounds like an SNL actor trying not to laugh at his own skit
for those who came for the glass break

11:55 
12:18
it might be the spacing of the glass window that caused too much vibration which caused it to crack. The first glass test looked very secured laying flat with those claps.
This is amazing. When is this vehicle going to be released?
They forgot one thing...







Side mirrors
Elon in this video is like your 8th grade science teacher when he first got a smartboard
I can't even imagine how much it would cost to replace that enormous windshield!
Elon Musk: *sneezes*
Audience: WHHOOOOO!!!! YAAAY!!!
its like the wraith but a truck.i love it.what else can you expect from a rocket scientist
When the glass was hit with the ball, it reminded me of "It works on my computer!!". Life of a programmer
Elon Musk: breathes
Audience: wuhoooooo wow yay!
Looks aside, Elon is actually putting decent functions in this truck. Other companies treat cars and trucks like phones and ad 1 or 2 minuscule features and change what it looks like a tiny bit.
In my opinion Cybertruck is masterpiece of bold innovation
and design that only Tesla is brave enough to attempt. I think is looks much
better than run of the mill pickups. One of the main reasons that the Cybertruck
can be produced at a lower cost relates to how the body is produced. The stainless-steel
body can be formed by simply folding the sheet metal without the necessity for
expensive stamping machines. Also, the absence of paint results in significant
cost savings. A paint shop cost 200 million dollars in initial capital
expenditure and has additional ongoing expenses. The painting and drying of is
time consuming and is often a bottle neck in production.  Cybertruck eliminates this cost and bottle
neck. The exoskeleton design was necessary to decrease the weight of the Cyber
truck so that it is not heavier than the conventional pickup truck despite its
heavy batteries. Other electric pickup makers will have a hard time competing
with this design in terms of specifications and cost. The bizarre appearance of
the Cybertruck is a necessity to keep costs low for these specifications. The
price and specifications of this vehicle are so compelling that it is a viable
alternative to a conventional car. I would normally never buy a pickup truck,
but I will be getting the Cybertruck as my daily driver. It costs the same as
my Tesla Model 3 and has so much more capability and room. Should be great in
heavy snow and won’t rust from the salt used on streets in the winter in the
Chicago area where I live. Won’t need to worry that one bird shit will stain
the car forever.  The only downside when
compared to a car is its large size which might cause issues with parking in
some areas. The pickup truck will use more electricity per mile driven then the
car but the additional cost difference is not as significant as with internal
combustion pickup trucks. Once the general public understands this, there might
be a whole new segment of population that will opt for the cyber truck instead of
a car. Power outage in the house? Run an extension cord to Cybertruck and get
by with powering essentials like phones, broadband modems, and rechargeable led
lighting. You could even cook with an instant pot or induction cooker. Also, Elon
confirmed on twitter the car may have a solar option for the bed cover that can
add some range when the car is parked in the sun. I don’t care that other people
may not like how this looks. If they want something that looks like a regular pickup
they will pay more ant get less. Not a choice that I would make. I would like
to see this low-cost polygon body concept scaled down to a mid-sized SUV with
three rows of seats with the last two rows foldable and removable. This would
be a better alternative to a family car than a pickup truck. Scaling this down
to an urban hatch back the size of a Honda Fit should allow an EV with a range
of 200 miles for low $20Ks in couple of years.
1:18 who else was laughing at that person that said hi dad 
You know what,,, seeing it in action is cool, I actually like the truck now
Elon: It is a new truck.
Everyone: Yay a new car.
Elon: "So now, eh uh brrt blp beep boop yeah".
Audience: "YEEEAAHHH WOOOOOOO"
Looks like a time machine from a sci fi movie. Probably the inspiration came from the Delorean. I like that the design is simple, different and functional.
The first truck to be paired with not only a small ATV but also a Starship rocket.
Remember.
First, they'll laugh.
Then, they'll copy.
How on earth did they come up with something styled from the 70's, early 80's . Has it really taken us this long to find out that  Delorean really did go  back to the future!!!!
The cyber truck kinda looks like how I used to draw normal cars when I was a kid  Elon is the worlds biggest kid 
Does anyone else think that looks like a warthog from halo

Thx for all the likes
Such badass haha nice work!

It’s a battle truck!
The glass broke because they did a test before the presentation. They threw the same metal ball at the glass and it didn't shatter. However, the test made both windows open a little bit, making them much weaker and easier to shatter.
Someone in the Audience: " take my money " 
Elon : "yeah u welcome "
I remember watchini this Live and I was like well that window isn't tough as I thought.
To be honest i like how it looks
You can see him stop halfway through the swing on hitting the truck
Inspired, Daring, Futurist and he sees the vision...$...and he had all the mathematics worked out...! I see where Elon is going...very very smartly done...
I don't care what this looks like, it's a body on frame electric. You can put whatever you want on it. Congratulations Elon.
When the truck rolled in, if it weren't for the epic music, the smoke and the flames, the crowd would have roared with laughter.
He was definitely taking it easy on the cyber truck
I’m buying one of these!
It look like something from a 1980s movie that tells us what future vehicles would be like
Obviously the restraint conditions on the installed glass are quite different from those on the demonstration tables. Would probably have tried the impact test before going live. Also, sledge hammers are intended for vertical swings. They're not baseball bats. One of your 2" ball bearings on a tube would have done a better job of producing dents with horizontal swings and 100 mph head velocity. 

I don't care much for the styling, but all in all, if I can go 10 seconds in a quarter mile, have a 500 mile charge range and pay $39,000 for it, I'd take one. I have to be honest, though, when I put my money down on one of your solar roofs and energy management systems, I was sorely disappointed in your inability to deliver.
So many people were appalled when they first saw this truck, in fact I was a little disappointed as well, now, it is by far my favourite pickup (if that's what you want to call it) on the roads. Now, I look at a Ford or Chevy or any other pickup, in disgust. Besides, a pickup is not the car to look sexy! That's what the S, 3, X,  Y, and Roadster are for. A pickup is for its capabilities, not its looks; a pickup is the vehicle you get dirty, you get banged up (or in this case not banged up), its the vehicle for work and the outdoors.
He is the first engineer or inventor I have actually been interested in.
As a truck guy and business owner I will say this has a very long way to go to replace a standard pickup truck. BUT I'm glad that someone is trying. It makes a better suv then a truck at this point. there are a few safety concerns with this truck and they are huge. First of all they stopped making "safety glass" for side windows years ago for few reasons. One is when you roll it or are otherwise thrown about during an accident the glass will shatter but stay in place cutting your face head ears and arms. tempered glass shatters and falls away. also is lets first responders gain access to the vehicle to render aid after the accident. the other issue is with the "tough" doors. Doors are designed to jam closed during an accident so they wont fly open and also adding to the crumple dampening effect to lower impact g-forces so the tougher they are the harder they will be to pop or cut off to extract you from the vehicle. along with the windows staying in place and not being able to break them, spells disaster. I really hope they take these and other safety measures into consideration. I do like it as an urban assault vehicle :)
Whoever was at this concert, they feel like the king of the world rn 
On second look I think its awesome!
Elon knows we live in a simulation! He's getting ready for the FPS to drop!!
Bloody hell, I think I will wait for the Rivian.
I would trade my model 3 for a cyber truck immediately! Especially if they threw in the cyber gurl.
Love it! Just watch out for flying ball bearings.
I am super curious, ELON!, does this pickup draw any inspiration from 
Aston Martin's one of a kind Bulldog?
How embarrassing when the glass broke
This was pure comedy  the truck is crazy  tho
I booked this car! so excited to get !!
NO WAY that truck starts at $39.9 K!!! Too good to be true!
You have to love this guy.
1976: I would like to present my plans for 2022 (cyber truck)
2022:I would now like to present the cyber truck
Guy winds up for hitting the regular door with the sledge hammer
And just tickles the cyber truck
As you can see that he held back the power on the first two strikes to the door of the cybertruck.
21:55
it looks more like an actual car now, provided you remove the ATV on the back.
11:55 the part your here for.
best truck ever built  thanks Elon
I‘m happy to live with Elon Musk on the same planet! :-)
that dude clearly never swung a sledge hammer....
That would make an absolutely sic moving BMX/Skateboard ramp :)
I am not so sold on the design of the body for an everyday commuter car...but I gotta say we need more people like Elon Musk.  Twenty years ago electric cars were a joke, now its serious thing. Watch out Exon.  Just one more request Elon...When will you take us for an intergalactic trip?  Long live Elon Musk!
I don’t really care who wins first. I’m going for the best, and so far it’s the cybertruck.
Audience applauding the tail gate ramp as if they’ll ever use it.
I think this cybertruck with broken glasses will become the iconic tesla in the modern era. It's perfect!
Bruce Wayne: "Does it come in black?"
I lost it when the guy broke the glass twice 
There is a reason all trucks look similar    because they work well that way. For such a smart person he seems to have missed the form meets function of a pickup truck. If you release a truck to compete with the workhorses of the last 80 yrs it should be as useable. I cannot see loading the bed from the side so that takes away an incredible ammount of functionality .This should be competing with SUVs not true trucks .Its not there in function .Cant put a utility bed on it for work fleets. The reason trucks sell so well is people buy them for personal vehicles as well as company fleet vehicles .This misses that market totally . Not impressed at all had much higher hopes . This is an insult to real trucks by calling it a truck. This is for commuters and soccer moms not for anyone who truely uses there truck to work . I think in a few years when redesigned it has some potential .Make the bed more user friendly and get a desighner to give it some style .
pure genius~~~ finest man alive
I wonder next year will they announce model 3.2 like this? I think this is for those who need a car without design.
When you can beat the Porsche, then you've nailed it
elon sounds like me when i have to wake up at like 7 in the morning for school
That introduction alone should cost those people $1,000 damn that's another level 
Basically a team of engineers do all the work making these cars a reality and then Elon throws himself a nerd concert where he comes out alone and takes all the credit for it 
In one decade tesla has caught up to and in some ways outdone combustion vehicles' one century of engineering. Electric cars are still in their infancy and are only going to keep getting better, whereas combustion isn't really going to make much more meaningful progress as time goes on.
It's great video. Soon we should get opportunity to own it
11:57 when the video really starts
I love how casual Elon is, reminds me if Tony Stark lol
Somebody didn't show up for rehearsal...
It's all good, Elon has earned the right to do it any way he wants.
I wish he had went into the safety features. I am sure it has crash avoidance technologies but with the rigid structure that does not crumple to absorb energy you have greater risk of impact from the passengers to the inside of the vehicle and also the impact of a person's organs within their own body.
Even if the presentation was a disaster the truck is just insane if you check the stats and price
I think is pretty cool... I mean imagine painting it with your own design, lower it a little bit maybe, and plus all the features that it has.
Elon reminds me of iron man, just the way he talks, and all of that.
“... but glass is glass and glass breaks” JRE 
I'll wait for the next model which will double as a submarine as well!!!
Does this design help against radar speed traps?
the crowd gets so amazed so much
The fuel it took to make this truck, and clear the land for this venue, and the building, and all the people involved, and the coal burning and sludge produced from power plants, to make power to charge electric vehicles. Great going.
I started buying Tesla stock when I saw this on the news. The reviews were bad and I was wondering if they watched the same thing I did... Love it!
i love the fact that Elon swears when the ball breaks the glass
Holy cow, he's doing it!
I am watching this in 2022 and I just got done watching the semi-trucks now I'm watching your pickup truck. Here again a lot of people aren't gonna like this because they love the old pickups. New generation is gonna love it, but your older generation are going to hate it. We have to keep in mind people don't like change sometimes and I can see that this is going to be a change a lot of people are not going to like. I know for a fact a lot of people that own pickup trucks love their pickup truck. They are going to look at this and say no what the hell.
Meu pai compraria por 1mi se fosse necessário pra adquirir na coleção de carros modificados
It's sorta hard to look cool with your super-tough truck windows broken behind you. I feel for you, elon
I’ll never worry about door dings again 
the most entertaining presentation i've ever watched
he hit the pickup truck twice as hard as the cybertruck. i'd still go with the cybertruck easy - but that wasn't honest
This is the new car concept. Today all cars should be this strong for added safety.
A moment of silence for the engineers who lost their job after the glass break.
11:29 if you look closely the ball hits the glass hard enough to bounce the clamps off, allowing the glass to flex. Which could have something to do with it not breaking there as opposed to when the guy threw the ball at the actual truck window.
He laughs but he’s truly about to take all of our money. I’m so excited
I feel like a 4th grader just described what he brought for show and tell
If I was headed to the job with my tools and materials, I think I would rather have my F250 with a rack. If this is a truck, it looks like a city truck that is best for commuting to the office.
This could have really benefitted from a rotating stage. The Cybertruck looks pretty good from certain angles. The side profile is not one of them.
I love Mr.Tesla..

and the people POWER'll come to Rise...
this looks like a magic show more than a car presentation
I actually thought the Cybertruck was blurred out at first

Damn I was wrong
The glass man!!! That reaction too! “Let me try the back one..... nope still broke....” Well some ppl are getting fired! And rightfully so! In front of thousands of ppl dude! Lol
The cybertruck is fucking awesome and I'm absolutely getting one, but HOLY SHIT all the fan-boys in the audience are annoying, and Elon had so much potential to make this reveal a real production. He was super unprepared and clearly didn't even know what the powerpoint titles were going to say, I'm a little bit disappointed in his spokesperson skills
I can't wait to get it  :)
Man...This guy will build my car
People are mad at Tesla for doing something new as if they haven't been doing that for the last 10 years
The first part should’ve been...
“ For 100 years all trucks have been the same and boxy... now the Cybertruck is unique... it’s triangular...”
Hoooooo boy, Tesla has the worst audience for presentations
Man this mans got bulletproof everything! I can’t tell but I think he’s even wearing a bulletproof vest
This is what I call: Back to the future.
The glass part is a great marketing, so those who at the first time didnt want to see this video, after heard this fail, they will try to see this video..its really working!
Honestly I don't get why everyone is hating it genuinely looks good
Trully amazing and sustainable peace of advanced tech for bad roads, weather conditions, floods etc... Just needs a few corections about desing to look more agressive, smart, amazing, drastic and advanced such as Matrix LED interactive lights, sensors etc...

This kind of cars are the future, and Tesla company is the most innovative auto production company we have.

Good luck Elon, give your best to our race man.

Greetings from Western Europe, Bosnia.
Looks like by mistake happened something on wheels... With broken windows
He talked about the glass on Joe Rogans podcast. He said that because they hit it with the sledgehammer first, He believed that it might have chipped the glass inside the door panel in the corner, and so when they threw the ball, it cracked. He then said that The ball still didn’t go thru lol
You can hear how hollow that the cybertruck is the first thin sheet of metal than a stronger peice of metal on inside
Its a BEAST!!!!!
Bulletproof? Those windows sure look strong to me. The golden age of computers has produced another gem.
I’m already Saving money to buy this cybertruck in 2021!   Welcome to the future old man
Finally! A car that I can draw
Elons laugh just made me feel so evil ordering a Tesla Cybertruck!   06:47    literally my Laugh when i pushed the ordering button
The best thing about musk is that he tries something new. It may fail, but he at least presents something different.
I want one!!
If they made a more conventional looking truck, sort of like the first gen Honda Ridgeline with Tesla styling cues, they’d sell great.  The thought process and specs are great, but who would actually like to be seen in that thing?
What this test doesn’t show, is the glass window inside the F-150 door that would be broken from that impact.
11:58  The moment everyone is here for
6:45 , 6:58 , 7:02 : "Superman swing, and a hard hit"
7:17 , 7:31 : "Fully charged swing, but sissy ending"
Can’t wait for an Uber YouTube video with this beautiful beast!
respect to this guy, he knows how to cover up after a real fuck up!! Salute sir!! i will buy your product anyday
"The cost of electricity is much less the cost of gasoline."
Yeah, until no one is driving on gasoline and the cost of electricity goes up.  That's how supply and demand works.
This guy is nuts 
I love that Grimes was in the intro, helping the presentation
I'm very curious to see today's Ford F-150 Lightning reveal to see how it stacks up.
This is just the 1st cyber truck, it’s like the first iPhone or any smart phone they’re going to be improved over time
Supposed to have been available in 2022; now it's been pushed back to 2023. For $39,900? Really?
i actually love it!!!
im a huge fan of cybertrucks, i want to get one.
Is there a high poly count version. Looks like this was built from a lo res render.
i wont say anything about the presentation, i will say, that is a fucking awesome truck!
How long would it take to fully charge?
Your awesome Elon Musk!
Im not a fan of the electric only cars however I must say the way this truck is built is more durable than any truck on the market now... I love how the doors and panels are made of thick steel that does not dent. Quite an interesting concept. Cheers! & only 40 k$ that's affordable!
I’m happy to say that I used to work for Elon musk
I love it
Someone screwed up and forgot to install the bulletproof windows instead of proto glass. Easy Elon, not the end.
Stealth fighter crossed with a DeLorian...
Godd4mn I love that thing!
He’s such an awkward genius
I can sum up everything needed to be said about this presentation in one word: California!
Elons inventions are from 2100
Wow! Looks nice!!
Love how he keeps calling it tough. That's the closest thing to a pavement princess since that lifted Silverado down your street
Imagine you and the boys driving in the Cybertruck. 6 of you are in the car and the 7th dude is sitting on the ATV in the back, while it’s charging.
imagine being together with so many people at one place in 2020
This was done on purpose for marketing. It's something to talk about and it allowed him to maintain frame and have confidence in the product. He just brushed it off with a joke and and jumped straight into technicals. It worked well.
Ford actually had a electric truck before Tesla even was thought of in 1998 look it up it was a ranger and it didn’t look like a pinewood derby car
Elon musk in 10 years the Tesla electric flying car
so 80's I love it.  the glass thing though is ridiculous and painful to watch!
Finally a car that I can draw!
Thank you Elon !
Me gusta mucho esta página es una maravilla
Im here just to watch the glass moment
Moment of silence for Elon Musk
Elon took Homer Simpson's school of automotive design.  I do hope it has cup holders.
This hit was no way as hard on the Cybertruck
At least hit the Cybertruck with the same force as the door from the other truck.
Tesla failed a test and I still want it
Is it me or did that guy hit the regular truck door harder than the cyber 
truck?
Elon: Think outside of the box
Tesla Team: How about a box?
You just know that every time he looks at the smashed glass he’s saying “faaaark” inside ....
I love this stuff.
You can tell Elon got hella nervous after that glass broke
1925 the first truck 
1925 to 2020 = 95 years
1:42 100 years of the same
Incredible!
I’ll take a cyber truck and one of the 4 wheelers
11:54 is what you’re here for
This might work in Europe but if Tesla wants to make a impact on the truck market in a place like the US they are gonna need to at least redesign the exterior a bit xD It's a start though :) The glass was a issue in itself but I don't think the majority of truck buyers would care more about the issue of appearance than the glass at this point. Id say the cybertruck wins points for being beyond rugged though :3 Elon should have a huge bull charge the next iteration.
I’m surprised nobody mentions Grimes’ cameo 
I want a Tesla or truck just cause there like bulletproof and hella safe
Anyone else thinking of using the cybertruck to go on a hunt for skynet drones - gonna be epic!
elon musk is me while presenting my works
Elon musk reminds me of Harrison wells from the flash 
I want one with a 283 Chevy in it !
Just great Elon. I would have loved to have worked for you, just to bad your company is so far away from me and now at 61 years of age not much of a chance. Keep up the great work I used to have a 68 chevelle with a 427 in it had to sell it to pay my monthly health care now that I was forced to retire. I do enjoy reading and watching video's of all you do. Richard Kondas Johnstown Pa.
4:32 Elon" We start up with the Size.."
Einstein"Size Matter!.."
And you can say that peoples love Elon
Can you not have a model that’s acting as AI I mean come on this cyber truck speaks for its self. Love the new products, just think it’s gonna take more time for electric to be fully practical
Next time bring someone that can actually swing a sledge hammer
That was a dead blow sledgehammer with all the weight taken out of it and he was only hitting the cyber truck half as hard as the other truck door!
Once every year or so, some company tries too hard to produce something different and unique and ends up creating an Edsel.
wonderful introduction.
who else thinks that adaptive air suspension became standard right on the spot due to the windows hehe i'm probably gonna get it in a few years
Man I would not want to crash. How well does it dissipate impacts ?
I love Elon Musk because he is so awkward like me.
Can't wait to see this being used by my local police!!
Why there is so much hate on this video? Why dont you just appreciate the guy's work? This dude might be awkward in his talking but it's not the "talk" that counts. He executed his vision and that's all that matters. And I think this Cybertruck is Amazing, and Tesla is indeed the future.
The glass smashing was so awkward 
i should be doing my shitty school presentation instead of watching this amazing one that could probably change a lot of things
Woow new generation prototype
The awkwardness with the awesomeness is such a great combo lolol
I'd like to see a crash test with the exoskeleton. No crumple points might not offer much safety in a wreck.
Musk: "We also made an ATV."
Me: "Bring out the Mongoose."
This is my dream car when Im Dam rich yes my job is a business man
The glass breaking was deliberate, at least I believe that since mishaps always go viral, and giving this video more views.
Beast : i am indestructable car with bullet proof and other facilities. No car matches my strength.

Tesla : Hold my bear...
15:45 when my guy said "take my money!" I felt that
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho RKB8C
This literally sounds like the perfect jobsite vehicle.
Can't wait to drive this and wipe the floor with my friends in their precious f-150s.....
I can't fuckin wait to see these driving around. I'll be laughing my ass off every time I'm on the road
It's ok to have that glass breaks we all know that "failures leads to improvements"
I just upgraded to a push start and thought I was the fanciest  man in town
There is no truck more durable or capable than a Toyota Hilux used on virtually all 7 continents.  This truck looks good but hasn't been proven in the field. Just being tough is not enough. It has to be practical in the field.
They kind of had to make it bulletproof since they don't have side view mirrors
Thats such a good truck. The glass is shit but they are going to make it work. But its great
I'd love to see Steve Jobs to unveil this vehicle
S - Model S
3 - Model 3
X - Model X
Y - Model Y
C - Cybertruck
A - ATV
R - Roadster
S - Semi

boy, sexy cars
Yes people, we are living in a simulation.
Did anyone notice the positioning of the clamps on the initial Tesla glass test with the steel ball.  They unclamped the glass from the frame for the larger ball and at the higher height so the glass would bounce and absorb some of the impact.  Tricky tricky.
Finally a car that I can draw
Bulled proof glass was swaped by regular glass 
No problem Sir "Never mind, man learns from events only."If I ever get a chance to come to your country, I will be your strength by staying with you.
not to take anything away from the cybertruck i love it but that guy with the sledge hammer was holding back
Everybody else: 2020 next!

Elon Musk: 2202 next!
Is it just me or is this man gonna own the entire Motor vehicle industry?
That looks really good
This guy is the real life Tony Stark
He definitely didn't hit it harder lol.looks like that was the first time ever swinging a sledgehammer!
Elon: we need to be different 
Stranger: Go cyber!
The Cybertruck could replace the hummer H2 in the military
Even if you ever make another bullet proof window its still gonna shatter but not go threw
Finally a car I can draw.
Elon rules!
Man I've been waiting since like 2011 for this game
Tesla: presents cybertruck
After the reveal: "Yeah man, lets get this to the shop to fix the glass"
6:44 HARD 
7:16 not that hard,he is slowing it down am I right???
TESLA IS AMAZING!
The Grenadier, INEOS  new 4 x 4, could be run on hydrogen.
Tesla missed the chance to price the Tri Motor at $69,420.
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho US9WV
11:56 the moment you came for
This truck is like something straight outta the movie aliens.
To be honest that glass is much stronger than regular even with the failure regular car window will shatter and ball will enter
If 140k pre orders in the first 24 hours is a fail, then Tesla failed miserably.  I wonder how many ford mach e pre orders there were?

Funny how people keep saying the cyber truck mileage will go down drastically when towing, as if in a gas truck it doesnt do the same thing.  Im betting an F150 towing 14k lbs gets 10mpg at best....oh wait, the F150 cant tow 14k lbs.
11:56 is what you're here for
All the other brands brings almost the same stuffs, Elon's the only one guts. Respect. Love the truck.
But why Tesla removed the unveil video from their official YouTube account?
This reminds me of the time Homer Simpson designed a car...
Did the glass break because of the vibration the door got with the hammer before?
When this truck reaches 88 mph you're going to see some serious shit.
11:50 is the part your looking for
Exoskeleton... that's going to work great with 4 doors in the middle

Also anyone who ever has built something out of stainless steel knows theres no way they can build that thing for 40k
Stainless is expensive per pound and expensive and difficult to work with
I'll take the one with the broken glass for an even $38,000 thank you very much. Some people are afraid of doing things different because they don't want to offend someone else Elon just did that of course people will say something. I say offend people shock people don't play it safe be you!. Iam sure Ford,GM,Chrysler and others are offended.
That's what my cardboard derby car looked like when I was 8
It's like the Emperors new cloths.
Looks like something from a budget SiFi movie trying to look like the future to me.
Styling probably has more to do with how difficult it is to work the metal than an aesthetic preference. 
Time will tell how long the origami look will last.
you can tell he holds back from hitting the cyber truck than s norm a normal truck door
There was literally an F-150 ad right after I witnessed this vehicle pull an F-150 uphill
WE NEED SOLAR PANELS ON CARS!! Every time a car is "plugged in to charge" it is sucking up energy produced via coal, gas & oil. For the love of the future, why is this not out yet?!!? This car is literally all sharp angles / edges. It should (literally) be made of solar panels so it can "charge" as it drives then saves the energy in it's batteries for night driving while still allowing to plug in/charge in the event it needs it. But sheesh man... get on it. SOLAR CARS!  Edit: Also add small inner-built Wind Turbines on the sides with vents to add extra renewable electricity for the car. Between the wind / solar electricity powering  it, it may not be (fully) operational without being plugged in but will at least help off-set the need to be charged "as much" otherwise. And if you add all that saved electricity up from car to car... you get a hell of a lot of saving from coal, oil & gas burning in order to power said vehicle. LET'S GO future engineers... we need you! ️
Not a bad price!! I’m getting one
11:57
Dayyyum!!
I was rolling on the floor I screamed so hard omg lol
....if we raise CyberTruck roof-height (6") where rear-cab meets front-vault (C-Pillar/Cab-Joint).... while correspondingly raising the depth (not width) of the tailgate.... we increase rear-seat head room AND vault volume.... as well as sail pillar storage AND open-tailgate bed length.... while neither CRITICALLY decreasing structural triangularity nor SIGNIFICANTLY increasing difficulty of manufacture...(..Aspirationally..)... while with widely available graphic skills and drawing jigs.... Why.... One might mock this up in the mere matter of minutes.... giving us ALL.... thereby.... a look at the triangle wrangling redesign that increases function while moderately modulating manufacturing mayhem.... y'see...(..RSVP..)...
His inspiration for the cybertruck was the Homer, from The Simpsons, He nailed it.
I really like the tesla colour and Elon musk
He didn’t hit the Cybertruck door hard like the regular door.
When is Tesla making it's debut in India?!
- Hits the Cybertruck


- YOU HAVE 10 SECONDS TO COMPLY
him: we need some thing different 
me: yes we need a wedge of steel cheese
This only broke because the glass had been low frequency stressed by the early impact.  This is not a real world simulation.  You have 2 difference impact frequencies that would never happen in real life under such a short impact to weight ratio.  All Elon needed to do was reverse the truck
This is so unplugged mono analog uncool as can be...soulless
Tesla is amazing, they made a legal tank (without the guns of course). Any car hit's that is so f'd. Should come with a flame thrower
39.900 .well worth it
In all honest he swing hard but slowed down when in impact
12:30 Back grounded by a badly drawn truck with broken windows, Elons fumbling post smashing is  a despairing and uncomfortable watch. I feel like the roof line just might echo  Teslas success moving forward with this.
I dunno. The Armor Glass was bigger, therefore having more space to dissipate the impact of the ball.
I need one of these. Yep...
This guy really needs to get someone to do his presentations....
I guess a 1970's sci fi style truck is cool today.
1:07 someone just shouted terminator...lol
1:19 Hi Dad ;)
9:06 Take my money ;)
I think that when Franz used sledgehammer to hit the door, the windows were cracked and that is why the balls were able to break the glass.
2:18 was the funniest thing I ever heard in my life lol "GO CYBER"
as you can see clearly when the sledgehammer test started the dude slowed down when he was hitting the tesla cybertruck
Damn, Ellon Musk needs a designer urgently! :)
Ok, so yes, its a test car, things like this happen, but 2 windows in a row, someone tried to make Elon look bad, that im 100% certain of. This has nothing to do with hitting the doors.
elon musk: inhales
audience: wooo yessss!
Never knew Musk struggled with speeches and presentations....
elon: brings son onto the stage to show audience


audience: SHOOT IT
11:58 EPIC.
12:19 LEGEND ~
Elon: franz, can you break this glass?
Franz: yes. (Breaks glass) you told me to.
It is showing us to new creation. Elon great idea.
The Car Looked Like The Lego Car I Used To Have When I Was A Kid...
cant wait to see the cop cars that are cybertrucks and will literally never loose a chase.
"Modern cars, they all look like electric shavers!"- Marv
I want to 
Made like this man
even a delorean from back to the future looks better than that supposedly futuristic barrel ;)
i have a tesla right now so i have a nice car so i want a cybertruck
Every rapper finna have one of these in their music videos lmao
TFL already has a performance test on a Tesla model X towing at maximum capacity. It's not logical. Cuts the range to less than half, then you need to charge for an hour. Basically drive for an hr then charge for an hour. Adding weight to electric vehicle effects it's range significantly more than gas vehicles. 
Electric vehicles are better suited for inner city passenger transport. Leave the truck stuff to the people who have done it the best for 50yrs.
Glass: fails
People: ah yes, that was the plan all along
I love it
I really hope the EXO skin will be strong enough for the rolled stainless tubing ladder rack I’m gonna weld to it
He hit the cyber truck way softer.
Franz can you please try to break this glass....sure hold my beer.
What is the life cycle of the batteries? How much to replace them when they die? How much range will it lose year over year? What is the range when towing a heavy load, say 10k lbs? These are honest questions that truck buyers will have.
good thing I know the glass needs to be upgraded
I'm team Tesla
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho QGWOU
Is it just me, or does the Cybertruck look like a pentagon?
8:40 sounded like the terminator when talking about shooting it: "We are in California, unfortunately"
I still say it was an ad in mind when the window broke, he didn’t really put the real window in it
Sustainable energy?  Does anyone know what impact it makes on the environment to create electricity that powers these trucks?  Electricity in and of itself requires something to generate it, e.g. coal, nuclear, etc.  Not exactly clean.
Dude wasn’t even hitting the truck like he did to the regular truck door ️
Elon just has to stand there for everybody to freak out
east or west Elon musk is the best️️️
0:38 The #1 mode of transport for a cyber girl 
"and we're here to pump you up"  Nice work,guys. 10.8 in the quarter....Seriously?
I wonder what the actual price is when you take away the electric vehicle subsidies we're all forced to pay
Elon musk is me from the future but he’s a different version of me who can remember his passwords and doesn’t have to reset it every time he’s gotta log in
Metric specs anyone? 
Top speed: 130 mph = 210 km/h. 
Range: 250-500 mi = 402-804 km. 
Payload 3,500 lb = 1588 kg. 
Bed Length 6.5 ft = 1,98 cm. 
Towing 7,500-14,000 lb = 3400-6350 kg. 
Ground Clearance 16 in = 40 cm.
The glass thing is so embarrassing 
If you're gonna bring out the cast from the Matrix, make sure you include Keanu Reeves next time
What an absolute shambles of an event!  I mean, I still want one... But man that was rough... 
The top speed is really low, other than that it is quite nice.
Finally a car i can draw
Stainless huh? Let's hope this succeeds better then Delorean. 

Actually makes sense now how angular the body is, as stainless can be difficult to form. I imagine this new alloy is just that more difficult too. Makes sense from a cost standpoint too. You have a truck less attractive then say a Rivian, but half the price.
Alright thats cool and all..but does it transform? Is it one of the autobots
03:56
"We are living in the matrix"
My right ear liked that.
after this, both CEO and the person who broke glass were fighting backstage
"Introducing.... The Homer!" *crowd gasps" Elon: "... I'm ruined!!"
did elon just predict cyberpunk 2077 graphics ? i love elon musk i hope this truck will be the greatest
Anyone notice that he used the side of the sledgehammer for the normal truck door and than the part of the sledgehammer that are suppose to use on the cybertruck.  Makes me think the top part might have been padded.
Cyber truck wow 
sounds like hes just coming back from a hangover after designing this car with glass that does...crack
Now try a F-150 raptor for the tow and a dodge demon for the quarter  mile
Elon is like a rock star who has put out some good records, but this truck has no appeal to any skilled tradesman such as; carpenters, home builders, landscapers, or construction workers.
Was there ANYONE who attended this event at least one of the tradesman I mentioned? What home builder would buy this? I like the idea of it, but it is just too abstract to compete with Ford/Chevrolet/Toyota and their full size trucks.
Bullet proof windows. what what if you get into a wreck and need to kick out the window?
I think Elon was really not prepared for his unveil. He awkwardly skipped important slides in the presentation. The person controlling the slide deck and animations jumped around to match Elon. I expect better from him. He was completely upstaged by the audacious vehicle behind him, and the shattered windows it sported. The reveal should have come at the end, with teased glimpses along the way as he broke down the specs and did market comparisons. A dismally bad presentation.
I'm here after the ford f-150 lightning unveiling just to be reminded what is true market disruptor
Some person in audience: "Hi dad"
Elon: "Hey :)"
Kyle from Because Science: LET ME IN THE ROOM
Anyone gonna address that Elon looked so scared that whole time? 
Damn the glass cracking was humiliating but it was a learning experience since he has now fixed the issue.
When I pick up my Cybertruck in Austin should I be dressed as a cowboy or cyberpunk?
What about towing a 4500 lb rv travel trailer? How good of range does the cyber truck have then? I know range plummets with heavy towing. Just how bad is it???
Next there gonna think of making a multi-million dollar spaceship car.
he's obviously never swung a sledgehammer.
Looks like a DeLorean, a Pontiac Aztech, and an El Camino had a love child. Like the 3 most failed cars in History that never caught on, all put into 1 design that again will probably never catch on. It's almost as if they really just wanted it to not work, maybe that's why maybe it's a huge scam for money I don't even know.
When I watched it pull out, I was waiting for my GPU to finish loading the textures.
Bro Elon musk is the living iron man
He’s so awkward I love it
From the back it looks like a Modern Bin - from the side it looks like a kids fantasy and from the front it looks like Honda - same as all other teslas look like Citroen - how can you like this thing - just my fear opinion - it looks like engineer did not finish his job and put it on the road
Someone in the glass department is definitely getting fired lmao
I don’t have time to see all comments and don’t know if this has been addressed about armor glass. Based on real world bullet proof glass, cybertruck armor glass works. The metal ball didn’t penetrate into the cabin.  Even if you fire handgun bullets at armor glass, the glass will crack and damage. The goal is to prevent the bullets from hitting the occupants. The glass then is replaced . There is no glass in existence that can bounce of bullets without damage. Only to prevent penetration to protect people! For those haters, check out videos of bullet proof glass demo.
You all understand that this is his way of writing off his version of a Batmobile as a business expense, right?
Am I the only one that notices that guy was holding back when he hit the cyber truck door with the sledge?
I love Tesla, but France didn't do as good a job on the cybertruck as he did on the regular truck door.
Elon is the Future personified.
"i think you threw it too hard"
Since it's the same material as the DeLorean, could you build a time machine out of it?
When Ever Given was stuck, Ford and Tesla should’ve shot a commercial in which they would attach each truck to an end, see which truck could move it...
I want the ATV.
The kid who said hi dad is a legend.
I love Elon but he seems so lost on this presentation XD
he is furious that the glass blew out .. its affected him thro the rest of the show ... that truck is something off a computer game its crazy
The glass breaking saved a ladies face in the front row . He should be thankful it would crushed his whole deal
Every frame in this video frame show he is the meme lord...
Homeless man points at a car 
Elon Musk: You're a genius and you are hired.
I love everything about this truck except the look. I've never seen an ugliest car.
cool looking car
Someone got fired, the slides were not synced at all lol
It's a good thing the glass broke otherwise you know people are going to be throwing rocks at it UNTIL it breaks.  I mean it's glass - not titanium.
Interesting design there, buckaroo. However, I think the "Armoured Glass" should need a little upgrade. Maybe add missiles? I don't know.
Pretty sure the broken glass was part of the plan - got EVERYBODY talking about the Tesla truck
This presentation was truly painful to watch. Musk seemed to be clueless about his own truck. He seemed kinda doped up. Doesn't everyone need a bullet proof truck ? The styling reminds me of a Delorean. If you remove the bullet proof capability then the truck sells for $ 39.95 !
When the car gets hit with a sledgehammer u can acctually see that the glass is cracked
" We wanna conserve Energy", yea right... conserve the product cost first
I kind of love how unprepared he seems. Like I know he’s prepared but something about just not giving a heck is so awesome.
notice the guy is using way less force when hitting the cybertruck as oppose to how he was nailing the shit outta the truck door
Tesla: Cybertruck is invisible 

*Toyota hilux has entered the chat
The cyber truck is even more thicker armor than the Ford f150.
39k? That be less than a model x
“Transparent metal glass”    A.K.A  Aluminum oxide..        It’s existed for decades, just for the record.
Ellon said " i don't know the reason it   break for some weird reason, we can fix it in a POST"

well whoever incharge for that glass installation,designing or etc that reaponsible for the glass might be fired. lol
Its already bullet proof  so a black version with dark tinted  windows  makes it pure Gangsta.
If he didn’t do the glass test at 11:35 he could of played of the shattered glass on the car
i could just sense the amount of F's in the chat when the glass smashed
“How much does this monstrosity cost?”
this car is just about as bulletproof as my mom honda oddesy
Still slightly disappointed he didn’t hit the cyber truck door as hard as he could have
Elon: not the best presenter but great innovator. The wedge design is early 90's. Where do I mount the ladder rack? Is Elon contracting with the US military (DOD)?
Finally a car i can draw
DOPE ASF!
This car has an out-of-this-world design.  I think a car with this design should fly, but it can't.  Then the design needs to be changed.
His face went from 
Maybe Musk intentionally put the wrong glass in the truck so that it would make waves in the media and get people to watch. After all, that's why I am watching.
so if thats how the actual glass behaves, what was the panel that they showed in the previous test, with the ladder and the tube.
In my mind, i already ordered it even thou my bank account can't afford it right now. I will in the future. Idk
Doesn't it need at least 2 mirrors for it to be street legal.
Hero of 21st century! Someone did dirty to him in this but as we know he is not a regular guy he is ELON MUSK!!!
Looks like a pixelated truck from Nintendo Nes era
I feel like Hans wasn’t going full speed 
This felt painfully awkward after the glass broke.
there is no way in hell he can keep that 40k promise when a model 3 these days cost way more. there is a lawsuit waiting
Who remembers the on stage Windows 98 demo and the dreaded blue screen of death?
This guy is on fire
A genius that doesn't know how to speak in front of a lot of people 
He just stutters all the time lol
My observations.
Positive:
- Full of extras
- Full of innovations
- Low using cost
- High perfomances
- Very unique
- Very affordable price
- Elon is a bright mind


Negative:
- The presentation of Elon is not fluent. He need training, and better preparation
- Awful look of the car 
- Questionable practicality of the bed
- About the glass accident, I'm sure Elon will find a way to improve it. I still wondering how this happened? Do they test it with the same conditions before presentation?
I just wish Elon had done this on April 1 :-)


#MetaTroll
cybertrucm looks like a 5th gen video game car
All Ellon had to do is make his truck out of hemp like Henry Ford. Hr didn't have to make it out of new metal.
Elon musk visionary
That guy has no idea how to swing a hammer.
The beginning reminds me of Jim's Sabre Pyramid presentation off the office lol!
I haven't seen anyone pointing out the storage space in the triangle running from the passenger window down along the bed of the truck.  You can see it in one of the stills here in the video.
That addresses an "issue" people have brought up with not being able to access stuff from the side of the truck.
I’m literally a truck driver 
Left Ford F-150 
Middle ram 1500
Right Chevy Silverado
If you need a heavy duty truck that will survive harsh conditions, this is the one to go for.
Next time put the window test at the end my boy 
Every ad during this video was a Ford ad... they’re scared
Did anyone else notice that the video of the drag race was cut as soon as the Cybertruck pulled ahead?
The origami truck is here! I just wish they made it in a two door shortbed.
Ummm Truck shown is Prototype of the $70,000+ model. 

Anywho, No one that's worked in Industrial Fleet Maintenance will touch it with a 10ft pole. We know how short the lifespan of Electric Motors and Batteries is, even in Industrial Heavy-Duty equipment. In 5yrs most Cybertrucks, will be Yard Ornaments in the Tall-Grass. xD
If Jobs made the presentation it would have been incredible. Musk is a genius but he just doesn't have he polish and timing.
you hit the door first it made the window light that is why it broke
11:56 for glass fail
It`s hard to believe It`s going to be the actual production vehicle. Looks like that one was drawn by a 3 year old. Probably just a prototype.
"Franz, could you try to break the glass ?" Pshtssszzz... Almost silently: "Pick your stuff on the way out, You're fired"
Guy: Shoot it!

Alabama Musk: Hold my banjo
Elon: wow, this presentation is going well

Cyber truck windows: ima end this mans whole night 

Presentation crew: allow us to introduce ourselves
He didn’t take the hardest swing at the cyber truck
"Truck" Good luck hauling anything with this. 

"Bulletproof",  no such thing.
Imagine that glass example was Elon's new bullet proof vest. Guess the test subject wearing the vest during the demonstration would be a dead one huh? Oops! Don't know why it went through the vest this time. LOL
He has good marketing
I very like his an experience.
I am from Laos 🇱🇦 of Asian. Elon Musk is my idol.
can i use the glass for my screen protecter
Retired member, Society of Automotive Engineers here - let's look at this from a different "ANGLE" 1. NO compound curves - very expensive to mass produce compound curves in metal (think about it) Slab / Flat panels are much cheaper (roll flat and cut) plus NO FRAME COSTS 2. Metal for the body is the same as his Space Crafts - very costly to make in small batches - so pre order enough trucks and the metal cost goes way down for BOTH projects  3. Power Pack / Drive Platform / Electronics are all re-purposed proven pieces of already produced equipment (no R&D to recoup) 4. Once metal costs drop this will be a HIGH PROFIT VEHICLE. As form follows function, we have CYBERTRUCK. Thanks for your video...
Whover installed those windows got fired 
40k buys you a Land Rover is all I `m going to say
So is my radar signature smaller and I don't have to obey speed limits?
Perfect for a Thunder Dome Yuppie
Elon: Moves Finger 0.000001 of an inch
Audience: WTF HE IS A GOD! WHOOOOO
“Laugh all you want, but ill be the last to laugh at the drag strip”
Introducing the Tesla Laboratories Cyber-Suppository.
Thinking there is a hidden agenda behind this whole presentation....
Elon musk is tremendously cute and deeply loving daddy and this shows in all of his prototypes.
Oneday he will create an IRON MAN SUIT!!  And we are gonna get a real life IRON MAN!!
Esse carro parece aqueles carros do GTA vice city
This truck is TOO rad.
Great tech, wish it didnt look it that...
Pre. Production glass was still in the side windows Elon you know wanted to kill someone hahaha
Imagine u saw the cybertruck and elon just pulls out a glock and shoots it. Then says, Didn't break
isn't the point of a truck to be functional? loading a couch into that would be a pain in the ass... Next they'll make a Cybervan (that is literally a cube with doors and windows) where the children get in through the roof, and be touting it as "different"
he was holding back while smashing the cybertruck door
He barely put any force in hitting the Cybertruck door.
ive never heard the announcer of a new car say "lets shoot it"
can we hear the Scottish guy yelling "shoot it" at 12:41
They stopped making thick heavy duty metal bodies a long time ago because the shock transfers through and kills the driver and passengers in an accident. Today's cars crumble because they are designed to, to save your life.
If I were the designer for this car I would have looked at the Lambo Countach and Aventador ( or Sesto Elemento) for angular design inspiration. Why? Because Lambo has figured out how to implement a LOT of angles while creating a futuristic look without making the car look too wedged (I don't really mind the wedged shape). While the Aventador has more angles than the Countach its design still comes out "smooth". The important thing is even if you hate the look it cant be denied the HUEVOS it took to do this.
Some will put a V8 in one of these lol
Its different but gaudy and not really what I would consider a nice looking truck. It looks cold and dangerous (literally) and not the least bit classy or elegant. I wouldn’t want to get into it every morning.
Thanks elon now i can draw a car
Perfekt car for my future robbery.
There is a good reason the pickup truck has looked the same for so long - WE THE PEOPLE WHO BUY THEM LIKE THE WAY THEY LOOK.  If Tesla makes a truck that looks like my Tacoma, I might buy it, but i will never buy that ugly thing.   Total Recall 1980's hard lines are pleasing to me a baby of the 80's but for some reason they got this all wrong when it comes to looks.
You guys remember those 1980s sci-fi B rating movies? The ones where everything looks futuristic and talks about what’s wrong with the world. The ones where it gives an idea that was supposed to be the solution, but became a disaster. I’m not saying history repeats itself buuuuuttt... 
Actually , Price slide may be changed after glass is broken
how many, local to you, technicians are out there that will repair a Tesla Cybertruck? My guess is 0, if they do exist, the few that do will charge you half the starting price to fix... and what is the expected shelf life???  This is a step in the right direction but the worlds infrastructure and people who fix things are a fucking long way from being ready to truly make this reality and affordable.
why would they have not tested the glass offstage first?!?
9:06 “Take my money!”
They blew up their own spot breaking the glass. Elon looked pretty fucking embarrassed... seriously,  did they not test that gimmick beforehand?
The fact that he has to finish the presentation in front of the shattered car is so awkward
me getting scared of the glass but forgetting hes rich and can just get new glass
“Hi Dad” hahah that got me!
They really should have gone with some flicker free lasers
11:27 ......woah !!.....are you serious ?!?!?!
I'd swear ol' Elon's been tootin some Peruvian Marching Powder... he sounds exactly someone  who did a couple rails and suddenly gets a hundred "ideas".
You don't even have to get a personalized plate that says; "DOUCHE"  It will be suggested!
elon musk makes mistake by breaking the tesla cybertruck glass but thats ok elon didnt fake perfection hes honest
Musk needs training with public speaking or at least have someone do it for him.
The guy from the bulletproof glass had one job  #you'reFIRED 
welp i know what im driving if the purge ever happens. lol
I have a feeling that his employees were angry on him and they installed a normal glass not a tesla armour glass.
Every word a celebrity says ONE word everyone starts cheering.
It’s almost 2022 and still no new updates on this truck
It has the same styling as a 1980s DeLorean. Just making your truck LOOK deferent isn’t making it better... just ugly. The future would never look like the 1980s musk... The truck in the future will be Asymmetrical NOT MORE symmetrical, or will almost be more complex as new tech is invented for the construction of trucks. Your truck is a BAD movie prop. Everything else about the truck is amazing.... I love that.
11:57 min. "Please try to break this glass!" :-)
these looks like the entrances that you make in Wwe games.2:50
I don't know why people are freaking out...if you look like a normal person, it's not even that out of the world, it's just big.
"100 years of the same."  Golly gee Mister Musk. I never knew the 1919 Model T Ford and the 2019 Ford  F-150 were the same!!!
He hardly even hit the cyber truck
Elon was nervous. Poor guy
R u joking this random guy really hit hard the cyber truck?? 
Elon:   . 

The audience: ELON YEAH ELON WOOOOO
Elon has proved to you AND himself, that you will buy ANYTHING; that he puts his name on.
Can't wait for the full release of this movie
Wait a minute... did that truck with auto pilot just get driven on stage?
It’s a futuristic Delorean on steroids and I love it!
One other thing I would like to say is you will be judged with the first serious accidents that happen with these vehicles. Seriously you will be blamed, it won't be the drivers fault it will be your fault you just wait and see.
Why is he talking like if he didn’t even know what was on the presentation
Other truck companies : heres the 2020 bubbleboy with 4 more miles per gallon, heated driver seat, towing compacity of 4 and half planks of waterlogged wood, its louder than my cousin when I tickle her tackle box, comes with truck nuts and it's got am radio STARTS AT 69,999!

Cybertruck: ever wanted to drive a razor sharp bulletproof supercar battle tank across the solar systems harshest environments in the finest luxury usually reserved for million dollar sports cars while avoiding gunfire from evil space corporations? Well now you can with 5 other friends, a quad, and a few "not" a flamethrowers. Starts at 39,000. Dont just think bold...think sharp TESSSSLAAA
It's best to throw the ball first before we smash the sides with a hammer.
the flames in the backround were not made with electricity i suppose
conclusion: combustion is cooler
He should pay his employees more money since they are making him billionaire by making his cars
I wonder how many people got the boot after that 
This is like the Lamborghini Diablo
People buy pick-up trucks because they like the way they look, half of them don't even haul anything, they want a pick-up that looks like a pick-up.
I'm sorry, but this reminds me of "The Simpsons" episode where Homer unveils a car that he created for his brother that ultimately had bankrupted him 

-Simpsons did it.
"I did say a few years, didn't I?" - Howard Stark
The glass break is a troll. Brilliant marking.
Looks dope
Elon: Shows price and says nothing




Audience: "WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Elon is a solipsist but did not act like one when the window broke. It was real to him.
The truck looks like it was built to avoid radar detection lol.
If you buy this car, you don't need insurance for it.
Except if your glass breaks.
Franz is too OP. He needs to be nerfed
The glass is basically metal
15:17 Yep it was up hill lmaoo
When I see one of these in the oil fields of West Texas then I’ll call it a “truck” !!!  Until then, it’s a “cyber thing” !!!
Aside from him choking after the glass broke it’s not a bad truck
Yo if they make a dirt bike I'm in
Just imagine if Steve jobs were presenting this.... it would have already become the best selling car on earth even before going to production!
7:18 that was "hardER???" WTF??? Yeah, we are all stupid and can not see that that was not a real hit. Let me try... and see what that door looks like after 
Elons Audience: WoW, Yaay, Oohh, whistles
Ford 150 s audience: A manly sound for sure lol.
The more I look at it the better it looks tbh
it may tow a pile of weight but its bed is tiny and shaped badly for hauling real world items in the bed, anyone who has ever delt with air bag suspensions  knows they are a money pit, they rupture, leak and then burn up the pumps costing 3-5k to repairand on a tesla double that. they boast a great range but whats the range when hauling just half of the load capacity? whats the weight of the truck? will it be considered heavy and face extra taxes? I really like the body material and strength ideas but comparing it to a regular F150 pound for pound im betting it weights 2x as much + awd vs 2wd so i say let it try and pull a truck that boasts the same tow capacity like a 3500 series with 4 wheel drive. Now for a real world situation, Ho does it handle water, mud, snow etc? will the electronics fail when exposed to wet passengers? or if water gets in to the motors etc when it gets buried up to the windows.
"And the people bowed and prayed to the neon god they made"

-The sound of silence

All these people worshiping Elon makes me sick.
Im gonna have nightmares now. Its not fair for a gas or diesel truck because the Tesla Cybertruck puts all the torque to the ground as soon as you hit the pedal, bow about you put a 2018 or 2019 GMC Sierra  3500 or Chevy Silverado 3500 and lets see who wins that
I think at first hit in the glass,After hit the car door.
2:18 the dude said go cyborg 
When your a genius, you tend to stutter a lot. Albert Einstein had the same exact thing happen to him.
notice how down the suspension got when atv got on it XDDD
I wonder how much pollution these car produce in the making, Especially with the hard steel and stuff?
This guys ideas and products are amazing. To think that something like this comes at a price tag of only $39,000 for a single is insane!
Elon Musk is the Real life Tony Stark
Why Tesla channel doesn't have the full unveil video ? I'm looking for original video
He had to be so pissed off when that took place. But along with everything else, it takes failure to gain knowledge.
What a joke, you saw the way the glass broke it’s not bulletproof, that’s Ford’s week his truck, and we have no idea if that was a fair or honest test. Mr. Tesla here looks like he’s high or drunk or taking this thing as a joke and laughing not because it’s successful, these numbers are really not tested yet this is a prototype car. The one thing I think is this vehicle looks cool as hell I love the look of this truck and the concept and he’s right we need to go electric truck if it has power and towing capacity and payload. More trucks are sold in cars those numbers are right and he is on the right page but if he can honestly do all this for 39 $900 well he may be onto something
Nice car
I wonder if Ironman was based on Elon Musk? Obviously they added a lot more arrogance but its basically him. Elon is trying to save mankind and if anyone can do it, it's him.
the absolute step back. and the most arrogant way it got offered.
"Take my money"
"Year you're welcome"
The way elon talks is just me in every class presentation
Everything about this presentation is hilariously bad and amazing at the same time.
Cybertruck critics: "it's not a Ford"
Cybertruck: "$39,900"
I feel like after this incident, Elon personally put the glass engineers behind the windows and shot it with an M4 to see whether they keep their jobs
cybertruck perfect
I really only watched this just to see Grimes 
What are the mechanical properties of "Ultra-Hard 30X Cold-Rolled stainless-steel"
Is that an official alloy anyway? If not, what is it's real name?
Where’s the crash test? What’s going to happen to the other car it hits? Where do you get the parts for this and how much they cost? Who makes tires and the cost to replace them? Glass shouldn’t break? What if you get stuck in accident and someone needs to pull you out but can’t break glass? This is a cat in bag with more questions than answers.
bakalan jdi replika termudah nih di indonesia
Aren't modern cars and trucks designed to "buckle" during car accidents to dissipate the collision, i.e. they are designed with "crumple zones" that actually have led to lives being saved? Why are we going backwards and designing steel "tanks" like those of the 1950's, 60's, and 70's?
O crap I almost forgot we made an atv to go with it
This is like a 
Cheesy 80es sci-fi movie mix in with Chris Angle like stunts and the sound and looks of Cyperpunk 2077
If you could get one when and if they come out, I would bet you could make some money at Barrett Jackson in future years. Buy one and stash it away because I doubt they will be making too many of them . JMO though.
Musk please get better ideas like...greening deserts, planting trees, cleaning the oceans...and so on!
What is the background theme/music called? Its very nice and futuristic
Mount a machine gun on the back and you got yourself a Halo Warthog
Literally any other presentation of a new product is just some rich dude coming out and showing you stuff on a screen, not Elon tho
hahaha my goodness...that's quite a truck...i'm not sure about that appearance though...
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
I guess the director of the next dystopian hellscape movie doesn't need to custom build his storm trooperwagens. 
 I bet our grandchildren will be taken away,  kicking and screeming,  by future versions of the cybertruck..
Elon: This truck can handle a hard hit to the glass
Cybertruck: Ha, bitch you thought.
What's cool about that truck is you won't get robbed on a gasoline station
first time i see it i think it was ugly but it grow on me
Tagged the failure Thank me later @11:55
Everyone is on their phone rather than just enjoying the moment. How sad is our society? I wish i was in the '90s again when technology did not rule over us.
My question is, crumple zones.  What if Cybertruck A hit Cybertruck B... if the body is so tough, what is the net result at 10mph, 50mph, and 140mph?  Does Cybertruck crumple?  It doesn’t seem to have bumpers, but it has to in order to be street legal.  So, what is what, and how does this thing breakdown, literally, when crashed?  I’ll do some research.  peace
Elon Bhai 
Well...Elon must be getting speech lessons from Trudeau....as this was as hard to watch as anything Trudeau says
That glass bit was very embarrassing
0-60 3 seconds.11 second 1/4s
You see how after the glass was cracked he kept looking back to it during his presentation yes he was pissed
In case of Apocalypse
Step 1: Get some snacks
Step 2: Grab the family
Step 3: Drive Cyber truck directly through war zone to safety!!!
3:09 look's like not eco friendly
Elon Musk = the Most Genius human alive
12:29 this is literally howard stark in captain america: first avenger presenting flying cars
I'll stick with Ford.
I came in hating but honestly this is probably concept at best and 40 for a bullet proof truck is awesome. Who cares if glass breaks or cracks. It will stop a bullet.
If you crash the car the battery will start burning for quite some time and no fire brigade will be able to extinguish it. Look what happened to a Tesla car accident in Austria this month. They were unable to dispose the remains of the burned out car due to the unknown substances created in the burning battery which had to be classified as unregulated hazardous waste.
It looks like a truck from miniclip games
Elon has such a awkward crowd speaking voice 
Gave me anxiety just listing to him talk
would be nice to have a version without this crowd on coffein
Fiat: Our Multipla is the ugliest car!
Tesla: Hold my beer 
That glass and sledge hammer presentation made stock go down
Aside from all the gimmicks and stupidity they pulled the truck looks great...
I was watching the movie "Total Recall" and saw cars that looked like the Cyber Truck.  LOL  Tesla's designers copied the design from an old movie.
Elon has shot presentation skills. Don't believe me? take a shot everytime he stutters and you'll be out before the glass breaks
Yes but is there a cup holder?
I stopped getting excited over lasers after the 1980s...
The definition of AMAZING is FILLED WITH ASTONISHMENT AND WONDER,that's what Jesus THINKS ABOUT YALL 
Plot twist. Franq signs with the SF Giants as relief pitcher.
Elon don,t break windows :)
Good cringe show with your fan boys as your audience.  What a wonderful event about how geeks with their digital waifus who can't swing plastic hammers, speaking impaired engineers who should stay in the back until they learn how to communicate, and cheaters loosening the glass pane to prevent breakage.  However, the truck has a good design premise and price if you can pull it off but man..., Tesla, you need to work on your polish in all kinds... of ways.  This is coming from an engineer - e to e^2.
Bateu muito mais fraco na porta da Cybertruck, vsf kkkkkkkkk
"hi dad" Elon: "hey"
Damn these stats are insane
That’s hands down the fugliest truck of all time!
Buuuuuuuut, it is awesome!
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
The thumbnail of this video should be “ Elon Musk indirectly roasting Ford F-150”
I still would never buy a Tesla death trap
It's such a shame, that Tesla has very cool products, yet it's CEO just sucks when presenting it to a crowd. Movement, gesture, facial expression, building tension, telling a story - these are not his skills, sadly. I don't want him to become the next Steve Jobs, but I really hope he will improve on stage ...
hate to be a KILLJOY, but it sounded like he said the cargo bed is only 6.5' long ? That's 1.5 ' short of standard 2"x 4"x 8' lumber and lumber will hang out the back?  So will a 4 x 8 sheet of ply wood or 4 x 8 plaster board ??
thought it comes reversing 
As much as I am a big fan of Elon Musk and the cars he produces ..this truck looks more like an armored personnel carrier....I have to go with the Rivian Design it seems more practical to me....sorry.
He drove into the CyberTrunk 2021
7:30 he didnt even try it ️
Even if it had bulletproof windows wouldn't that be illegal? Because if a police officer tries to shoot out your window or a cyborg with a railgun would fail.
I love how he got awkward when it broke I hate rich people.
At 12:41 you can ear the voice of a Tesla shareholder.
This dude is so badass
May i take this opportunity Mr Musk and put forward an idea that would not only save you a fortune but also create a totally environmentally design that has no emissions and is a permanent power source not only for your cars but your planes and all other ideas that may come forward simply put a generator that is powered by a motor this in turn powered by a small battery cell or cells 24v should easily do the job, add the motor to a large alternator for planes this spun by the smaller motor will create a great deal of power which can be regulated by a step down transformer this in turn will give you ample power for your engines and also create non stop cars that never need charging its a very simple idea yet it works as ive played with this for some time, as the motor turns the generator it creates an output of power this can simply be modified to the correct current flows to supply ample power to any electric engine, just through simple redirection of the windings in an alternator or using a high output generator, i put this idea to a tesla salesman who really didnt have a clue about what i was trying to say to him but this idea will mean your tesla cars can run on their own current generated by the motion of the wheels as the car moves forward meaning you only need to propel the car by a much much smaller battery to around 10 miles per hour or slower if modified correctly and then the onboard power source takes over from there generating all the power for the electric engine and also keeping the battery topped up using the same current generated apply this to your aircraft and happy days youll save a lot of weight and space by this design and no emissions. Tesla was a clever guy no doubt but simple ideas sometimes win the day. Im no engineer nor do i have a clever brain but i know common sense and this is such a simple idea that will easily work if you look at what ive just said. PS if you make a billion or save a Billion can i please have some Many Thanks gary
Someone is definitely getting fired
The random one liner comments from the crowd are the best
If it really becomes bullet proof, I guess, a lot of very bad people are going to buy this. I want to see a movie on using this truck to escape after a bank robbery.
I remember first watching this and thought: WTF is this? You're joking right?
Pewds voice: "Its only 399k"
It isn't a truck, it's a van
0:50          XÆ A-12  Spotted.
Elon just casually announces egirls
Von Holzhausen severely pulled his punches with the hammer to stainless door, which kinda worked, if you enjoy WWE. Then he tried to throw the steel ball softly at the side window, whereas the script called for this test on the front windscreen ... ouchies, doublefail megacringe!

Still, with the features and price, CYBRTRK is destined for instant cult status. 
Rappers and landscape-gardeners will love this fugly beast!
This man is wearing a helmet full gear and a chest protector to put a quad in the back of a truck.
Lol wow
Glass shatters as to not hurt people.  Maybe there's a curtain airbag to stop that? Is the windshield the same? People not wearing their seatbelt would hit the window like a wall. Also,  the exo-skeleton; does it prevent the use of a crumple zone during a crash?  I'm lost on some things. Maybe I just don't know but if anyone does,  please explain!!!???
1:53 - 2:00
3:00 - 3:45
11:54 - 12:02
10:30 mark with the window demonstration. Is it possible the window break was intentional for free publicity? I am seeing a plethora of articles on my social media feed.
For best results, try Mutemath "Typical" at 2:50. YW
Elon needs a new marketing team.  No one really cares about bulletproof glass, there is nothing wrong with car windshields and it just doesn't matter.  The real problem is I am sure the ranges on these things are really a joke calculated under ideal conditions.  If you are towing 14000 lbs at 0 C the range will be 50 miles.  Same way my gas f350 gets 1/2 the mpg listed when towing.  99% of trucks don't do any work at all so maybe this will replace the f150 as a showboat piece.  The strongest selling point of this car is it is stainless steel and won't rust away in 10 years like every truck on the road.  I have been just dying for consumers to demand their 50k trucks be made out of stainless.  Why we tolerate paying 50k+ for a rust bucket is beyond me.  Maybe this will motivate and promote more stainless in the industry.
The glass broke because you have hit a hammer first that's why the cars glass get crack next time hit a ball first 
Rivian who?  Like the new Razr is the hottest cellphone out right now.  This by far is the hottest vehicle!  No competition!  Tesla nailed it again!
Rather buy a Chevy with a ford engine with a dodge transmission lol
elon is definitely sent here by aliens to save the world
sustainable energy? How in the world do most people think that Electricity is made?...... Fossil fuels! Mainly natural gas and Coal. Unreliable wind and solar make up less than 5% of the electricity generated. So that is something that has to be addressed before anyone, including Elon, can say sustainable/clean vehicles. Heck the carbon footprint of the batteries in a tesla is higher than what the average american car produces in its lifetime. With all that being said I do think that Tesla cars are awesome and I would love to be able to afford one.
11:18 Elon Musk should of have the "magician" throw the metal ball, clearly he's the master at faking it, the glass window had 0 scratch. Yeah, it just got so cringy after the glass shatter. Sure is didn't go through but now you can't see the road anymore. 
*Stuttering host + silent crowd = uncomfortable chuckle.
*plus what with the auto-flatbed open, why didn't telsa make "it" auto-flatbed close too? It's just common sense, but none here I guess.
*Imagine getting into a wreck and firefighters can't save you because the whole thing is a metal death trap, design to keeps you in. Bad idea for the public/citizens. 
*EXTREMELY GOOD FOR MILITARY USE THOUGH!! ELON MUSK YOU'RE SELLING THIS TO THE WRONG MARKET BRO. 
*I HOPE THIS WAS A "SKIT", YES OR NO. DOSEN'T MATTER, IT'S STILL EXTREMELY GREAT FOR MILITARY USE.
This may be worth it
Elon is so proud of his electronic Junk that's why he Drives a Cadillac Escalade
a cybertruck
for cyberpunk
My only thing once these are plugged into the wall that sustainable energy is still created from fossil fuels.
May  God protect you  from  your  enemies.Amen.
I really don't like how Elon presents. He looks as if I was put on a stage to present to thousands
What is the total weight max payload goose neck payload and trailer tow load weight capacity????
Nobody is talking about this stuff and this is the only stuff that matters in the truck world.   Have to compare it to ford somehow and ford leads in all the categories.  Can this thing compete in the diesel truck world 1 ton 350 and 450 class or is this a little eye candy that cant do any work like a lame gas half ton 1500 truck ??????
Tesla is a GREAT car-maker.  But because Tesla is good at one thing does not mean that Tesla is good at ALL things.  IMHO, Tesla is TERRIBLE at public presentations like its reveals.

First, Elon should not be the speaker.  He is not a good public speaker.  (Look how he fumbled and mumbled his way through the announcement of the Berlin-area gigafactory.) He should say a few words and then introduce a presenter with better speaking skills. (Gwen Shotwell, the head of SpaceX,  would be my choice.) Elon, know your limitations!!!!

Second, the stats on the truck should be reviewed first BEFORE the vehicle is brought on stage. By showing the stats when the vehicle is on stage, the audience is not focusing solely on the stats, stats that are going to either make or break the success of the vehicle.  Inform the attendees that as they leave the event they will be given a brochure with all of the stats, all of the important comparisons with other vehicles and with photos of the new vehicle's front, back, side and interior. 

Third, if you are going to have stunts during the reveal, have videos ready to cover any mishap that might occur during those stunts.  Since the reveal Tesla has released a video of a successful window stress test that occurred before the reveal.  That video should have been ready to show immediately after the window fiasco.  As an underwriter would tell you, do not assume that anything will go as planned.  (Better yet, if any stunt has any possibility of going wrong, do not include it in the reveal. You can release videos of any successful stunt later.)

Fourth, conduct the reveal in a venue that is more appropriate, not in a venue that is one step above someone's backyard!  Rent an indoor facility with seats. (Having seats is important because a lot of the attendees have flown in from all over the country and they are already tired before the presentation begins.) The reveal facility should have excellent audio and video capabilities. This reveal site should be as close to the test drive site as possible. 

Fifth, conduct a Q&A session immediately after the reveal presentation.   There will be a lot of people at the reveal who will have many excellent questions.   The Q&A session can be limited to one hour. 

Sixth, after the Q&A offer the attendees a nibble.  Something simple, like sandwiches and beverages.  (Tesla may do this already but I have not heard anyone mention it.)

Seventh, inform attendees at the reveal that as they leave the auditorium they will be given a piece of paper with their test drive priority number on it.  Inform the attendees that the numbers will be random.  This will eliminate the possibility of a geek stampede for the exit doors. This will also eliminate attendees from speeding from the reveal to the test drive site. The test drive priority numbers  will also make the process of getting people into the test drives much easier, since people will queue up by number.

Eighth, Tesla should provide buses to take the attendees from the reveal site to the test drive site and back.

Ninth,  conduct the test drives at a real test track or at least at a street that is more conducive to a test drive.  Make sure the test drives can be completed before twilight.    The current test drives look like the Tesla driver is fleeing a 7-11 robbery. 

These are just my opinions but if you want to be a first-class organization you should try to do EVERYTHING first class, even if first-class costs more.
“take my money” 
John Delorean called and wants his coke back.
He fr needs a publicist to lead these things, stg he makes these things so weirdly awkward with random pauses and incoherent information, and tons of stutters.
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
TESLA REIGNS!
20:55 Why did people get so excited when he got that 4 Wheeler on that bed? They never seen anybody doing that before???
Last wish of a dying man..
I want to be buried in my Cyber Truck!!!
This presentation was an awkward mess lmao, but I like the truck.
I try to be a positive person in Life and not say negative or degrading things and I get your trying to be and look different but Come On YOU CAN DO BETTER THAN THIS!  Oh and Elon a few drops of glycerin will keep that Cotton Mouth away! Other than that at least your totally pushing for new and Amazing Innovations. I don't see any other Vehicle Manufacturer Blasting Off Rockets! You Should make electric wheelchairs and Bad Ass Prosthetic Legs and Arms, why because you can and a couple Million for R&D and material wouldn't even scratch your check book! Plus you can write some things off in April!   UPDATE...OK so after watching this 5 more times after my first viewing and also watching a few other videos on the CyberTruck I have decided that I Like the TRUCKLA that Simone Giertz and her Leet team did! J/K I do think that after Simone doing the Truckla, Tesla might actually do a Truck type Hybrid! I saw it while I was on a trip to San Francisco and was glad I wasn't driving because I did a Quadruple take. You know Elon saw the Truckla videos on here before the Unveiling and as a Joke he should have totally asked Simone if he could use the Truckla first to Freak the crowd out, (also as a nod to her)  which would have been Funny AF! In all seriousness the CyberTruck is Growing On me! Have a Good weekend YT!
...and I thought Apple fans were a cult (clarification, I AM a n Apple product user and certified repair tech, but I'm not an Apple Cultist, they're not perfect, NO company is...)

The Tesla fans sure seem like they're displaying a bit of cultish behavior here... ;)
and I do like Tesla, wish they were more affordable, I just don' get the rabid "fanboy" factions, for any company, really...

it's just a company, they make "stuff", it's NOT a lifestyle.
Did he say when it was planed to be produced?
Why is no one talking about Grimes being the hologram???
worker: Breaks the glass
Elon: hahahahhhaa…. Someone’s getting fired today
the windows were down, thats why the glass broke
He’s definitely a better engineer than a presenter. Lol
Im going to buy this with a green paint job and UNSC stickers all over the place.
SOMEONE PUT THE WRONG GLASS. HOW DARE THEY
what people wanted to see: a cool sleek pickup truck
what people actually see: a disappointment
he was barely hitting the cyber truck
11:54 thank me later
First thought besides how ugly it is, the dent resistant body even in a slow collision will transfer all the energy to the object being hit, such as your Grandmother.
These are the realities of our new world orders or the new Earth.  The whole world is going to experience the joy the heavens on Earth planet with new technologies.   This is the wisdom of God to let go the world of happiness. Congratulations to our great scientists. God bless our new Earth.
I like a glass tesla so hard
best anime intro
He knew about cyberpunk before any of us
the glass hahahahahahhahaha
That’s the design they went with?? I mean hats off to Elon because that’s the most functional truck ever built ,but it’s the ugliest truck I’ve ever seen.
Elon,  Weed are for times when you are not doing anything ( relaxing).  They are not to be use during product development. Go back to the drawing board and come up with “truck looking” vehicle.  You will crush the competition ( gas or electric) with the current power and range
Yep that sure is better than the new f150 sarcasm lol
“It doesn’t look like anything else”.  That’s true. No other truck company has made a pyramid vehicle. Good going Elon.
Can we please make this car a DLC for Cyberpunk 2077?
2:26 i hear "Elon" lol :D
Who needs a pickup truck that goes faster than a Porsche? Either you want a Porsche or you want a pickup truck.... two different reasons 2 different aesthetics, just not a pleasing functional truck bed. Or I am missing something and just don’t see it
Laughable.  Stunningly laughable.  On paper, Tesla should be able to produce a truck that instantly has a huge market.  Companies love saving money on fuel and maintenance, and showing their customers that they are green.  The S model, X model, and 3 look as good as any other car in their market, but this truck might as well be a wedge of wood.  It is seriously ugly.  And just as I thought that maybe it was just so practical they didn't have time to make it look pretty, they drive a 600 pound toy into the back, and the entire truck appears overloaded.  Speaking of being overloaded, Musk better stop with the weed while he still has a company!
The broken glass is a meme now
The pretty area approximately frighten because defense routinely yawn inside a classy twilight. unwritten, astonishing lyric
I cant wait for the crash test for the cybertruck. I feel bad for the wall.
Looks like a slapped together movie prop.
As soon as you hit the door the glass will break
He didn't think about a bullet going through the windows
Thing looks like a HUMMER GOT A DELORIAN PREGNANT
Anyone came back to this after Hacksmith's better half scale Cybertruck video?
finally he knows how to talk
13:08 i heard a sheep in the audience
1:19
Random person : Hi dad
Elon Musk : Hey

It's relatively cheaper for a Mars rover














Thanks for one like
2022


Elon shut up and take my  money
"Hi dad!" lmao
Reminds me of the Homer car designed by Homer Simpson
notice how on the ford door he hits it with the side f the hammer which is metal but when he hits the tesla he uses he mallet ye what a joke
Is the audience on Acid or something
soft hitting it
Anyone else feel awkward watching this?
I just came to see grimes do the intro
I'm wondering if sheep  gonna buy this mockery))
"Glass is glass and glass breaks"

-JerryRigEverything
I didn't know that they had a design center in the mental hospital.
1:07 “TERMINATOR!
It’s a cheap sci fi prop!
In 10 years time all trucks will look like this
That dude that broke the glass gonna get slapped by elon
just proves ppl will buy garbage...… and caught in two lies lol
That is one FUGLY vehicle. You'd have to pay me to take it never mind drive it
If its a truck why does he refer to it as a car?
Someone: TERMINATOR
Why does he have a bunch of Mad Max hipsters in the presentation. The whole thing looks jivey as hell.
the ugliest thing I've seen in my life and pestering the damn light at the led its really the worst light in the world
This is the most atrocious thing I've ever seen, it's so ugly honestly. Seriously people will buy this?
At 4:20 he says it doesn't look like any thing else, but it does it looks like a POS!
That was like watching an early episode of The Office.  Michael "Elon" Scott.  Just cringeworthy.
The solution to pollution is human extinction.
1 word UGLY! Like a child picking up a triangle and draw something with straight lines. This is devolution of car design
And this weird fugly thing is going to kill the F-150?  I don't think so.
I think this car is gonna be in cyberpunk....it is part if the name
That's the ugliest thing i have ever seen... Apparently they are on the leftard band wagon...
Seems like the future is coming...
How embarrassing the glass broke lmao
0:56 ELON ELON ELON ELON ELON ELON!!
f 150 was in 2wd and it is lighter with worse tires
He should put money in something different he gives me Edison feelings..making stuff that's already made..he took a cookie and put a cupcake on it..now it's making it seem all new
Is the audience on gullible pills of something geez.
This from a guy who wants us to believe he sent a car out into space. Come on...
I would raith the normal glass in my truck it's much stronger and cheaper
Ferrari vs Ford? Tesla would kill them both.
i would buy it in spite of the glass
oh wait , i saw the inside of it , its so boring  , nvm
why is the crowd mic'd who's decision was this I can hear every stupid bro comment
After the glass I’m now questioning the whole cyber truck 
Iffy tech. would cost more to repair than to buy a new one. I'll stick with an old 500 dollar ford or Jeep that i can repair easily.
This is the cringiest product reveal I've ever seen
Diesel all day baby
Created by His halfbrother ... Homer
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO we want oil we want drifts we want races but thing that we want the most is the "PAST"
Still feel bad for the glass
It's almost like he's embarrassed to be presenting it lol
A box type pick up
That truck is pig ugly lololol Big fail. I drew that truck when I was 6 years old lolololol
Atleast hes honest and you know the glass is able of being crack. We have better glass wtf.
Fucking legend
WOW HARD CRINGE AFTER THE DEMO AND HOW ELON UNRAVELS
the glass broke because its a glass. at least it didn't go through
he was nervous as helll
This guy can’t present at all.
Wow!!
That’s not even a sledgehammer that’s a dead blow
It only looks like he didn’t prepare or practice for this it only, the presentation was poorly dilated out and poorly delivered
1.2K dislikes are the GM petro lovers losing their momentum of their loud ass trucks to make them seem manly.
Sod the truck, give me cybergirl!
Audience is cringe.
so does the atv come with the truck
Absolutely without a doubt hideous!
.
Glass failed elon was embarrassed when the glass broke
11:36 CRINGE xD
Problem with Tesla imo is they are trying sprint a marathon before they can crawl...
15:23 That video looks like a fake video... The cybertruck looks like it can't pull a Ford F-150 with ease like Superman pulling an F-150!
Can I get one of those lol
This Crowd Man!
Tony Stark making the world presentation of his pick up

At you consideration...  The cybertruck!
Need A Favor ~ Can everyone Send Elon's Team a question ?  SNOW Blower 
Attachment for the truck ? Electric driven ?  For the Northern  people 
who work ~~~
It looks like a unloaded car in GTA San Andreas...
Does it come in black?
dude is like tony stark in stark expo
1:20 
Random dude: Hi dad
Elon musk: Hey
Elon musk's mind: * endermen noises *
The truck's bullet proof window and his public speaking could use some improvements.
ITS THE NEW TRUCK VERSION OF A DELOREAN
is this some kind of magic show.
4:37 : size does matter!
Ya but gas stations are quick and u can go again with in minutes the cyber truck is cool and all but takes alot longer to charge it pretty big inconvenience
Don't you mean Ultra-Hard stainless-steel "people killer truck"
This man is our Einstein
Not even hitting the cybertruck as hard as he his that ford door.
Is it made out of rocket material
My first truck will be CB truck
Elon forgot to turn on the Ray Tracing
1:12 science fiction vibes
the car i can draw
13:06 lol he was about to say bullet proof, but hes like fuck after the glass i guess i cant.
"Shoot it"!! Lol 12:40
Mysterious guy conspiracy
@2:30
Guy shouts:yes elon 
@9:05
Probably same Guy shouts: take my money
@9:53
Same guy: shoot it!
¿will be the new Hammer ? i hope not.
4 years later tesla cyber plane
I love to us thing lie soo much, Soni live in Jamaica in the Caribbean and my parents don't own a car or any vehicle of the sort and I would love for them to get one of these.... I'm praying bro
tesla roadster is totally faster car
ELON MUSK; ''I want to build a sustainable future, LETS BUIL A METAL MACHINE FOR EVERY PERSON''.............
"Transparent metal glass"?
...you mean Plastisteel?
It looks like something off Total Recall
Tesla Glass be like poly carbonate
Elon that’s some a engine truck
What if an EPM GOES OFF?WHAT HAPPENS?
i feel like he’s not that used to speeches
me: IS THAT A TOBLERONE !?!??!?
oww poor elon his so akward and nervous when giving unveillings events and the glass shatters
11:53 glads break.
He hit the demo truck door so much harder than the cybertruck was a lode of shit
i cannot believe that this was actually 2 years ago!
you know someone got fired over this broken glass
Reveals price @ $39k

Everybody: wooo! I can get it easily no problem! 

Me: at this rate i'll have to save until 2030 until I can get one
This guy with the hammer looks exactly like James Van der Beek 
I feel like this would have gone better if they didn’t present it as such a serious thing. “CYBERTRUCK” like bro you took that shit straight out of Mario 64
9:23 Ford got owned  hard
He's a mad man
Soooo.. who lost their job because of that glass?
Honestly I think he minute break on purpose for the Memes and free advertising
Happy Live in Earth like Elon Musk people is around us
3:57 | POV: You hear 'What's Inside' in the Background LOL
Am I the only one that likes the words 33 thousand and bullet proof
Where i can buy this cyber truck here in the Philippines??how to order..
Sema comedie video vera level
how like how in any car revel hes roasting others cars brands
if i ever get one of those you know whats gonna happen...... 42s
This car is a cyberbullet
The power on the fucker though, looks stupid but it’s functionality is top fucking notch.
Lol man I can’t believe how many people in the audience shouted through this whole video haha smh
5:35 to 5:45 If Elon musk didn't exist this is what SIFI movies would look like.
Elon musk is no Tesla. But he is Tesla's dream.
9:05 take my money 
LOL
Cheaper then any new truck.
this thing look like my toaster
Get ready people soon their going to ask him to start designing military vehicles
ffs the glass breaking is totally meant to be. instant publicity.
Uma carroça ridícula mas pela fama,o povo(gado) aplaude de pé e ecoa Lindo,Lindo,Lindo... Povão imbecil.
So funny omg my fucking god Musk so funny. You can see he's obviously rattled since the glass broke
The Cybertruck's glass is made out of Nokia
Its just like Cyberpunk 2077!
3:37 it’s the cyberclowncar
Excellent, Sharing...
This sound like a apple event to me they should call it the Telsa cybertruck apple event copied
LMAO, he’s trying to insult the appearance of the big 3’s pickups and then he presents that hideous looking thing. No thanks. I’ll take my Cummins pickup over that pos any day.
But why did you make it ugly though? Also, watching this video was like watching a cat cough up a hairball. I don't know why, it just was.
It looks like a weird looking car
next here gonna tell us it has 2000 routers so your poor friends can get internet if they drive near you and you'll have the fastest internet ever that stretches 100 miles so you can have your own wifi 100 miles away from your car
he deceives the client the car does not have an optimized suspension it is just a cart with an electric motor
omg #Elon!!
'IT's a lemon and I want my money back'. Meat Loaf
Oh boy, wheres Elon Tusk when you need him?
Sure am liking the N64 graphics filter they’re using here
Elon alright 
Crowd cheers cries yells
12:00 bye bye Cyber Truck
The audience is acting like your taking a kid to the candy store
he changed his tone real fast once his windows broke. Went from talking shit to talking facts real fast. I guess TOUGH wasnt one of the facts presented here.
If mrbeast buys one of this and destroy it they will really struggle
Whistling diesels future truck
This is like Davenport in Lab Rats only that he is real
Bruh if this car come world is doom
1 million preorders in 6 months
Czemu nie ma po Polsku???
Electric   VS.     gasoline.       ️
# IN ELON WE MUSK
From 2022, it's till not ready (not even close)
TAKE MY MONEY
Take my money.
Tesla just embarrassed Porche
I got an ad for public speaking while watching this video
It’s ultra hard that’s kinda sus Elon
Take my money
the only fact i found here after watching this is i don't get that car
Take my freaking card
Car that USA will use on the moon 
Aaaa-ja.   I like the truck
Size is matter!! really
I Cant haul my dirt bike in that.
What if a baby is stuck in the car in a hot day??? Lmao
Omg omg omg 
glass is a glass, it breaks
40 K??? For this ??? Sorry... but WHY?
Music really made no justice to the truck,you want something like Cyberpunk 2077 music,thank me later.
"GO CYBER" 
 miserably fail mirror test
I wonder how this thing would got a license plate for Europe? : the chassis is too though for crashtests, it’s can’t eat energy on an inpact, so the passangers will not survive a crash.. , also: if they can’t destroy the windows, how are they going to rescue the passengers? , it would need a welder for cutting off a crashed cybertruck..
*Computer graphics come on screen. ELON FANBOYS: ''WOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAH BRUOOO TAKE MAAAAA MONEEEY!''
9:06 u can hear some1 saying "take my money"
Next up teslas cyber tank
so cool.
But is it faster than a ferrari
*Glass breaks
Music and timeline intensifies
Do a tug of war against a hennesy preformance f150 velociraptor 6x6. it has 1000hp and 750 850 ft lbs of torque. then lets see whos laughing.
11:58 it was at this moment that he knew...


he f*cked up.
This car won't be hard to mod in GTA
Ion know bout y'all but the truck looks like it's would be the kind of thing people in law enforcement use, u know CIA and FBI agents and all that.....I watch too many movies
''THIS IS NOT CGI''
Man his public speaking skills are so poor.  But gotta love him!
“Los Angelos, 2019”
WOOOOOOOOO
“Polluted”
...
Perfect car tp travel to cancun
He seems so uncomfortable the entire time.
when they broke the glass
We've incorporated everything you've ever loved but wasn't useful
Role model
What was with faking how hard he hit it with the hammer
Actually claims its idiot non-proof. which means its just like the rest :D
After that glass broke...... awkward
He really is like tony stark, no words and does not like presenting
Elon: oh my f••king god

Tesla investors: oh my f••king god
He explained why it did this with joe Rogan
He even own rocket  no bullshit
I will buy the strongest cyberteuck once elon musk accepts dogecoin as payment
this man is Tony Stark
It looks Like a gleaner combine
my little brother calls him
Elongated Muskrat
I didn’t order an e-girl! Smash the window, mate!
dont know if anyone else noticed, but the guy was swinging way way slower when hitting the cyber
me taking a pic While People are Screaming




ME:NOO I LOST MY CAMERA AWW MEN
1,4K Porsche owners disliked
Tesla: is an electric car to prevent pollution 


Also tesla: uses a smoke machine
Can someone photo shop window wipers on this car so it can't be more realistic and mirrors
Elon was shittin on Ford huh
U got a good stuff there
really annoying how the audience won't just keep quiet and listen. they are ruining the presentation... it's strange how the audience in the US seems to need to feel part of the show...
guys - take my money

elon musk - hehahe
Msrp $39,900

Tesla dealership
$79,900.00
Why is the headspace in the back always so low? I‘m 192 cm. and I hate getting into the back of these kind of cars. Design over practicality. Shame.
That's the new warthog in Halo 6
Title Videos : Watch $39,000 Bulletproof Truck Full Reveal




Me : 12:00
A mini batmobile
Wow
Thats cyber alright...
Oh, oh yeah we also made a atv:20:05
Reminds me of Ark II.
Elon: look at my baby, it is so ugly. Don't you just wanna squish him?
Everybody: give us a minute, and we will!
Why does this remind me of life invaders GTAV
Elon Musk: Shaming Car Companies Since 1971
Wow
SHOOOOOT ITTTTTT
Shit happens.
11:58
Glass: *F*
Elon: *Die Inside*
When we make something ugly they use the cybertruck
6:48 rip toyota
11:57 this is why you came
Due is sooooo nervous.
Man tesla's presentations are unprofessional af
He has but to sing and dance, and maybe become another Michael Jackson! Rockstar...
It already looks bettwr than lambo
Ok the jokes over, what is the real truck going to look like?
i can say that elon musk is very nervous
Where’s the side mirror?
Failure is the first step of sucess , he is lucky that he is failed
This man chose a weak little girl man to hit the door, he needs to choose THE ROCK
that crowd was so damn annoying
Plot twist - The ball is made by Nokia
That good car for rob.
It's like the Halo Warthog, but without the style or function.
With millions of truck concepts... they went with this one. Meh.
9:08 and before 9:08 built tuff references
Maybe that was a little too hard my ass quit making cars and naming kids after something you'd see in a calculator
Can't put sheet of plywood in it
Wow
Why does Elon sound like he is impersonating Freddie Mercury ?
Elon: * looks back* jus to check if there’s a murderer
Now this isn’t a joke 




Wtf
Not lying i like atv more than truck
Its ok.
They cheated with the ball and the glass they took the clamps off so that the glass could move and flex.


#busted
HEY DAD!
Elon Musk: blushes and giggles heeey
This thing looks like garbahha
2:18 “Go cyber!”
The glass part..... the secondhand embarrassment is too much this is bad
what price thiscar tesla?
Who designed this a kindergarten kid?
I mean that’s cheap for a truck tbh
cyber truck vs electric ford truck
The new kid in the block...everybody will be watching...
But glass is broken
What does california have to do with shooting the truck?
Elon stuttering and a faild demo.. HAHAHAHAHA!!! too awkward he almost pee on his pants and faint.. LMAO!!!
this happend a year ago WTF!!!
Tesla audience : Over enthusiastic  and high.
Me loking at Elon Musk face 
Elon Musk please help me
Why cost is cheap?
A truck looks like a gmc..
Wait a  minute that aint no tesla
If anyone wants the condensed version: https://youtu.be/N7JAVfhC3YM


p.s. Charles Cornell is a comedic musical genius!
they didn't tamp down the glass so it could bounce a whole two inches when the ball was dropped to absorb the energy. its a misleading experiment, his emo assistants helped him do
This is not the full video, parts have edited out. Thumbs down
There Somebody turned off Texture While Playing or I'm looking at a Rover from Mars
Tires for truck be like: owner:4 cybertruck tires please, cashier: that will be $8500 dollars. owner: what the frick.
wait what i a fire man needs to get into your car
Why is Airracks name on the background ahah that’s epic
Ight, Elon, make waifu's real
No flying cars....hmmm....
Why didn't you invent this in 1996?
If you think it looks like trash too BREATH
at 3:56 you can here Dan from what's inside
*gets a Ford F-150 commercial*
Im am the only one eho's hearing 8bit music when i see this car
well, that whas a bit too hard under hands it
Its deloreans big brother!
He is faking with hammer very nicely
Glass is a glass

wow
Phahahahahahah best stupid car ever ️
I found out that Tesla is built with tape.  LOL   Tesla uses tape to tape their glass!  Unbelievable!  Might as well superglue the steering column.
welcome to the future.
ohhmyfuckinggod
Death trap. Firefighter worst nightmare.
this car its advance
0:15  <3 Grimes <3
Is it come in black????
looks like a foot drawn by rob liefeld...
It's funny that I got a GMC hummer EV commercial...
Elon can sell dogg shit and tell the audience that its a good skin cream. 

You people buy eveything lol
Terminator!!!!!
Lol, bulletproof? Couldn't even take a guy tossing a rock at half the speed a child could throw it at let alone a bullet going over 600 feet/s.
Elon Musk cursed lol
Alternative title: meme fest.
Tony Stark??? NO!! Elon Musk xd
3:57 you can hear the what's inside guy
elon musk actually sucks at presentation skills
That's just thecnical difficulties
Why are they lughing ahahhahaha
I like cyber truck how much is for a cyber truck
Something john 117 would use
The ugliest and emotionalst car I have ever seen !
Some ppl got fired after this presentation
Elon is soo high.
Not only the glass.. When the guy was hammering on the door.. He was lill bit softer than the usual track door.. So fakism exposed 
Great inventor, entrepreneur... terrible presenter/speaker...
Nice
Literally throwing up in my mouth.
He reminds me of the guy from the flash the smart guy I forgot his name
wow fine
It's only 40k?
They should've done a fake truck and then be like psyche and being out the real beast.
Idiots are making fun of this cybertruck BUT guess what??? Tesla might have created a monster vehicle that would dominate the pick-up truck market and could begin their end. You can wage your paycheck on this.
If xxx tentacion buys this truck he will be still alive
Conspiracy theory the robot lady is the one who said hi dad
''It didn't go through''.....
Finally, a billionaire that doesnt say, stocks, money, stocks, money
Those random hoots are so funny
Oh heeeeeeeeeell no!!
I want
BAMF!!!!
The shunk isn't loaded yet
He sounds like tony stark
Why didn't Robocop come out with it??
every rapper will buy one
27 people will remain on earth when we fly to Mars
I wish people would stop yelling stuff from the audience.
the guy who broke the glass ,might be fired.
3:56 I think I can hear Dan from whatsinside lol
elon really said yo bro stop polluting im tryna live forever im a lizard
Is this a game show? 
The reveal would be better if there was cyberpunk 2077 music
"you sure"? LMAO
Did you hear a guy saying TERMINATOR! xd its so funny
Why would you want harder glass than you can’t escape from it in an emergency
Elon needs a public speaking 101 class....he can’t talk..lol
the big delorean
I will buy it!
Elon Mask orada maymunlara mı tanıtıyor teslaları anlamadım her şeye bağırıyorlar ffdsgdgdfh
If Criss Angel Mindfreak designed automobiles.....
Cyber truck 2077
12:00 Elon Swears
2:18 

12:41
what how is bulletproof legal criminals will be going insane
Its an uglier Pontiac Aztec with the rear hatch and camping back off and called it tesla.
13:08  SHEEP? GOAT
the dude didnt slam the hammer as hard as he did to the first door. You can see the dude resist the impact force to the tesla door. Second, the first glass wasnt tight good enough because you can see a crack line. Innovation? and trick! Just my opinion.
Elon should have taken a hit of weed before hand XD
Lame, he dont know how to use a sledge hammer.
Vaporware...
I would like to get a cybergirl, thanks. Don't tell my gf.
Is it just me or was it painful to watch?
I just heard Elon curse...
He speaks like he just read like 18 dictionaries
"nail it"
proceed to slow down in motion to not hit it too hard. 
bullshit.
COME WITH ME IF YOU WANT TO LIVE!
Ford CEO watching 
Just 2 more years 2 more years
How did i get here in 2020

Brilliant guy. Horrific presenter
Did Elon rehearsed the presentation at all? It was terrible and awkward
Why do people buy that low poly car?
Tony stark is still alive behind us
522,000 orders !!!
11:55 rip
this truck is from runescape
This is KaI-El's ship
poor guy cant present. which is fine, but then do an into and ending, and have engineers and designers talk in the middle.
WAIT is there any chance the hologram girl in the beginning is Grimes???
Henry Ford turned over in his coffine
This was painful to watch...
Anyone else annoyed from the comments and silly things people are yelling like this is some coffee house spoke and word contest? Can yall be respectful of a presenter? Seems like a young crowd.
That guy swings like a girl
Why everyone screaming for every word Elon says
Santa steals to sonic won’t break it
Tesla car: Quiet
Truck: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This car looks ugly I mean it’s LITTERALLY just a triangle I only like how fast it goes and stuff
I wonder who the girl robot was lol  (G)
Ohhh i put the wrong glass...
looks a bit like Arnold?
This is LOL XD
He definitely smoked weed before this
did they shoot this at a frat party
This was painful
Hier j’ai jamais with the other two and the best part was the fact I had a few more things that were going in the same place as your friend and the best friends off you
Wow broken glass trying to make the car of the future not only it's one of the most overpriced and the most ugliest car ever made but trying to make it like k.i.t.t of knightrider making it bullet proof with the bonding shells at least the window didn't break during a gun fight ha ha this car is garbage and a sight to make your eyes sore for days
when this glass break he hews not a good wipe anymore
nobody 

humans : voov
wtf he acts and talks like tony stark
13:16 he studers
Take my Bitcoin!!!!!!
Not even your ex girlfriend will destroy it.
That truck is hideous
I think he very angry with window
To much advert in this video
Batman be bored these days
CEO trupernor born in 1964 elon elon musk
11:57

Just...

E
You can't blame him he is south African so he is not used to talking american english
Realize that having unbreakable windows is bad right 

Cuz how do you get out in case of an emergency 

Say the truck winds up sinking in a lake 

If you can’t break the windows you’ll drown
i dont like the look
Terminator!
Why am i watching this now
I can hear Dan from What's Inside
Design from 5 year child funny cyberscrap
Oof after the glass broke cringe
Why the fuck it broke hmm because the glass there didnt wtf :/
nervous asf
Remember guys this is still an example not released yet
this is the most annoying crowd ever
Thiss car made by hacksmith
I thought that dude was josh brolin
4:14 : AHHHH MURDERER
poor elon and his stuter
The crowd is so annoying
Good​luck​all​frome​my​had​
Ehh.... the sledge thing was a hard cringe! Guy obviously didn't hit it hard.
Why did he got so awkward, makes me cringe watching him
Only for eccentric!!!
20:19 you can hear someone in the audience saying that was shit xD
all those guys in the same car lol
5:02
This truck is worthless., only good thing is it doesn't consume fuel.
you what a truck that looks like a cardboard box, It looks like a 2 year old made that thing
Why does he keep stuttering?
What a hideous, characterless cyberpunk inspired piece of garbage. If you down size the the equally hideous brutalist post-modern building architectural model unto a vehicle form, you get this trash.
Boss
Looks like a car in rooblox
Who is this cybergirl?
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that when PayPal was a small company elon would randomly close accounts and steal their money
Now where is my cat girls
This is so awkward.
it broke.............
Bruh this is to long bye...
November 2020 - The World Is F#cked
You couldn't design an uglier vehicle if you tried...
Talks about sustainable energy, wastes gas for fire when that could have been avoided.
Elon husk
Ah yes,expensive garbage
elon musk is not good presenter, he keeps stuttering

It didn't go through OK
Top class shit car.
I made this in the third grade
Gas is better!!
He hummered harder the ford door than cyber
good troll marketing
Liar on first test
did I read that correctly 39,900 dollars?
Looks like f4cking coffin
people these days.......
All of them are recording
OMT.... :-)
Most annoying crowd ever.
why is this channel not verified?
Only scientific facts can store all the knowledge together in one place (brain - MEMORY) - and record (write - draw - copy)! Only living bodies (brains) have limits and limitations! God it's like my brain though! The truth! Fact! Many things have to be kept in the universe!
A Miata has a bigger trunk. This is garbage.
please Tela use inventor ?
I swear he is a mincraft player
How you gonna bash gmc Ford Chevy with something this ugly man and you failed when you threw that ball at that window
Mfs driving around in a trapezium
what the fuck did i just watch
this guy is a joke. same as his "company" and his "products". period.
11:58
You have 2.000.000 subs
Anyone else see Chris Olsen
The people constantly telling cringey stuff is absolutely annoying.
He made this for the cartel
11:56 R/therewasanattempet
Man I'm sorry but that thing looks like a joke!!!, It's ugly!!, Cheep looking
8:35
Glass broke because windows rolled down because of the hammer so it was not at its strongest that is why it broke
So bulletproof you can break the window with a rock.
Henri hihaaaacks !!!!! (la sienne est carrément mieux hein !
CYBERGIRL??
very very bad design Elon(((
Can that one guy in the audience shut up?
Why does he look like jimmy kimmel but is older and lost kis kids
Elon Musk: Panics Talking On Stage
21:17
11:50
Wtf is that swing is like a a human with weak bones lol I show you how to swing a real sledgehammer but I am in the comment so next time
viewers are biased.
what hapend to the bed?
”YEAH”
I  cringe so hard when this people scream tryna be funny
1:23 high dad
He is such an awkward person.....
11:58
19:22 ''Tesla dot com slish slash cybertruck'' bur tip eeh drr duu umm
haha prtty funny shit
Why does he stutter so much
The audience is making me cringe....
Trillions likes,best comments to you because you best in world and followers respect you but Please we ask you to create super active account on TikTok and Likee and Tsu applications  because they are So fast to increase followers and increase sellings and post videos in 4K 60fps
6:39 is that thinknoodles O:
How many people got fired that day?
4:37
11:58
11:55
11:52
is The Truck From Hacksmith The Channel? But Bigger
11:59
Elon is a fucking comedian with this shit
THIS IS WHY YOU SHOULD USE CONDOM
He literally can't talk.
fortnite event
11:53
elon is from my country sa
The guy with hammer is good actor....Fooling people..
Ye musk is mad lol
I adore Elon... But this is the worst presentation I've ever seen.
Such a great mind, such horrible truck. Dnt get me started on that stupid tailgate work out just to raise it? Shouldn’t you have a nice electric push on thing to lift itself? Did Homer Simpson designed it? This is apple style tarting, a trend where people buy or pre order things just to try to b different? Then go home and spend on cell phones n plastic n pretend you care for the world.
Boy, I'm just glad that Trump wasn't somehow blamed for this haha.
how do you get out the window if you get a a car crash
Great if you're getting shot at and attacked by people with sledghammers. But not good if you plan to haul lumber or sod or firewood or concrete. Try again.
Anything tesla is the most BORING presentations ever.
im remeber this
thats the worlds uglest truck
1:19 HI DAD
its ugly and the glass shatters too. im not buying it.
Help him》》》》
Buy more Tesla shares and bitcoin
Fake hit the door
The black guy using sunglasses in dark environment. Kind of weird.
The f150 is not on!
yo the crowd is annoying
Mdr 11:50
Lol 1:18 hi Dad hey
It did not go throu
He so awkward lol
as its mine so i will b der.
So this is lame
Yowch! [Insert kids cheering here]
For being such a successful man, he's a terrible speaker
Omg
There is some Youtubers There It’s Jerry And What’s Inside
hi dad 1:18
im all for sustainable energy, but i know someone besides me burst out laughing when it pulled up
It looks like a rover that would be on Mars.
Yay... a truck that costs more than my damn mortgage...oh well, at least it looks cool
Looks like a vehicle from a 1980's movie of the future
Don’t really care much to buy this truck but hopefully it will drive down prices of the other trucks that I want to buy
I see what he sees...! And he is bold!
Let me have me have it on the farm for a solid month.  And then we will reveal it again
Lets see this truck in one of those crash tests.,   just curious.  ... lets see real numbers
when both windows broke the Tesla Stock dropped XD . Lmao how did they let that happen lol. Oh well I guess nothing is perfect
i want one
Ok..Question ....if the glass is "supposed" to be unbreakable...what happens when Mr. Leadfoot  ,hits a icy patch ...goes off road . rolls the truck ...and cant get the doors open?? Then the vehicle catches fire ! .....how does he get out ?? Surely not by breaking a window or kicking out the windshield , like I had to do when a drunk driver rolled me over into a field and could not get the doors open  and could only get out by kicking out the windshield.
And you get to charge it with oil, gas, and coal fired electric generation. LOL
Ugh oh the glass broke I think he's lost ND scared to have another mess up
i was pretty sure they didnt make the delorean anymore
Straight outta Mad Max!!!
officially the sissyest truck on the planet
it looks cool
Well at the ATV looks cool. . .
An entire pickup built on a sheetmetal brake.  I thought Elon had enough money for proper press and dies. Obviously needs more govt subsidies.
Great !
Off roading........ yes, i;m sure lots of people would just love to go driving through water and mud in a stainless steel high voltage electric car.................  Or imagine this, after a fun trip off road, you look down and see your battery is weak.   What do you do?  can;t charge it, your buddy can;t bring you a can of electricity.....
Unbreakable glass huh
I like it.
At 6:45 the guy used his full 100% force to hit the normal truck door 
And obviously 7:30 when he hit it he reduced the power to 10%... .... 
LoL? Is he think that all of us who watching this are 5years old kid or what???
The back upper rear door lines don`t match up evenly just saying.
Who is here just to see the glass break?
the engineers dressed up like the Mad Max cast
Truck looks like it came out of twisted metal
Lmao the go Cyber at 2:17
this man the stutter master lol
Man, everything about this description is wrong.  Not bulletproof, and 39,999 will be limited range.  Who knows if they'll make it even.
I want a truck that doesn't rust!..... EVER
does anyone else notice no mirrors?
Living proof that a car company can make the ugliest piece of crap and people suck it up like candy.
Please hire someone that can actually use that mace properly. The first strike landed flat lmfao.
Looks something like out of the terminator he thinks he`s the terminator uses the same words scary stuff.
I try to stay away from neighborhoods with people slinging sledge hammers. You couldn't give me one of those trucks.
Tesla is making the big 3 nervous
600,001st Viewer!
Also... Elon looks really similar to Dan from the show Lucifer.

Is it just me that feels that way?
Did he receive some horrible life changing news right as he was about to start the presentation?
Ok so there is a camera that is recording this whole event in a nice quality, yet all those stupid people need to use their phones to do the same instead of living the moment. Makes me vomit.
Back to the Future
But it's not even April 1st yet? ️
Elon Musk buys a Cybertruck in 1999: @
The future is here. Adapt or be left behind.
The technology is amazing  but I can get over how fucking ugly it looks
But does it deflect zombies?
We PRESENT you Fallout 7..6...  ähhh the Cyber Truck!
looking forward to the memes of this
this is embarrassing  to watch honestly looks like a presentation of a toy, a bad ass toy but still
For one thing it isn’t a truck... it’s more like a SUV...... bulletproof and shit.. mmm I wonder how many bank robbers and other bad people going to get this
God, that thing's ugly.  It looks like a cross between a WW I tank and a stealth fighter.  And the windows are disappointingly fragile for being "bulletproof."  And never forget this is the first coal-fired pickup truck.  The batteries have to be charged somehow and plugging into the AC grid...which runs mainly on coal...seems like the logical answer.
bullet proof not pebble proof.
looks ridiculous and cant even stop a ball yet claims of bullet proof hahahha this is a joke.
SLASH THE TIRES...AHH SHIT THESE AREN'T RUN FLATS
Hopefully the real body is not far off.
bf
OH MY GOD THAT HAS TO BE THE UGLIEST VEHICLE I HAVE EVER SEEN
I’ve never cringed so hard in my life !!  this dude is so awkward and weird  it just got more weird after the glass broke he just kept adding fire to the flame 
Shit happens at 11:50
Mejor pongan el modelo que hizo homer simpson
ALOT in this presentation wasnt planned 
looks like the car Homer Simpson designed
TERMINATOR 
This Audience is fucking twitch chat if i've ever seen one
i bet Elon 200 bucks mr beast was in that audience
LOL! 
Cyberpunk 2020 RPG fomt--I gotta love it**
Relax Elon people are not buying this for the glass.
is it me or is anybody else have Delorian flash back
The product of geeks with money... If that if what the future looks like, it will be a very sad future.
DUDE THAT AUDIENCE IS SOOO AWKWARD I SWEAR
I like  the atv
It's new.  But looks so out dated.
*!In Elon We Trust!*
I made that a T-Shirt, now make go your own ;)
The tug war was fake  the Ford was in 2 wheel drive
sissy truck 
it was a rubber sledge hammer
reminds me of HALO Movie! anyone else?
I JUST WISH HE COULD TALK! JUST SPIT IT OUT JUNIOR!
And waiting to delivery is 15 years hahahahaha
11:44 -12:44 that sucks lmao
He really should hire someone else to do his presentations, because honestly i was bored in the first few minutes as it seems like he doesn't know what he is talking about.
Side view mirrors?
MOST UGLIEST CAR IN THE WORLD , CONGRATZ TESLA !!!!!
Is it stealth? Does police radar lock onto it?
dude is a robot forshure!!!
Ridiculous jajajaja!!
Someone played to much ps2 or crackdown. If you're local police start buying these move far away.
dizam, the future is now
What?? i think the boys lost it. it worse than the one Homer Simpsom designed
this is a cyberpunk game???
Dead blow hammer.... humm!!
did a 3 year old design that HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! what a JOKE !  seriously bring out the real truck hahahaha !
Ik why the cyber truck looks ugly to a lot of people it’s because it’s too advanced for humanity it still hasn’t rendered in so only Elon can see it’s true form
This tug of war b's is stupid I can out pull any truck with my 4 cylinder Toyota if you break the tires loose
The car's design is awful. It reminds me of the canadian cars from south park with the square wheels.
Elon not quite or even close to funny....he's too much of a geek to be.  Him standing there with two broke windows is worse than the Bill Gates Microsoft fail presentation.
Ok, let´s be honest... Elon could be the one with the money on the Poket but... He shouldn´t be doing the presentation itself, I mean, he´s not good speaker, he doesn´t even make like a real connection or shows his passion about the product! He cannot transmit the real power or impact the Cybertruk should make on it´s first presentation! Terrible presentation, it makes me doubt about if I like the Cybertruck or not.... anyone else have the same feeling? #cybertruck #tesla
The camera man should get closure its still rendering the LOD.
Hahahahahahahahahah.  Maybe this is Karma for calling one of the heroes ,who saved those kids from Thailand  from a cavern that had flooded, a pedophile - repeatedly.
Lamborghini Contach mixed with F-117.... The most ugly SUV ever!
Late stage capitalism...
Was Elon drunk or does he always slur WTH?   That things awful
First presentation if have watched form Elon. He is pretty bad at this...
"It doesn't look like anything else"....n it dont look like a truck either...
Your glass experiment is weak.  The sledge hammer on the truck door and then yours.  Was he even trying?? I'm pretty sure I can't even watch the rest of this ridiculousness
Cybertruck 2077
So they designed a ugly, bullitproof truck that is eco friendly, and has no carrying capacity, so now we can all drive safe and bullit-proof and comfy and eco friendly. wtf Is this world coming too.
wow the music :D
How the hell is that considered a truck?
not sold at all. if he had someone like braun strowman hitting it with a sleagh hammer ive been ok with it. second no damn truck is gonna out due a 911. third bullet proof glass wtf why is that needed. granted its a nice concept that they came up with. he just fed us a lot of bullshit.
These billionaires are out of touch with the general public. Just like the inventor of the Segway thing, No body wanted it, it was ugly and expensive. The average Joe is NOT going to purchase this monstrosity. Its just too WEIRD!
These billionaires are out of touch with the general public. Just like the inventor of the Segway thing, No body wanted it, it was ugly and expensive. The average Joe is NOT going to purchase this monstrosity. Its just too WEIRD!
Elon Musk is a true follower of Shrek.
Really wind up lol 7:29
Trucks usually have a bed ....
Syd Mead, watch and weep.
Trucks have not been the same for "like 100 years" clown. And she says"the world is addicted to oil" well then everyone that wines about that better stop using whatever they are using to watch this  since oil is what is used to make the plastic they are made of.  Plugged into what buddy a hundred hamsters on their wheels?
Worst looking truck ever designed
So where are the side mirrors!!!!!!!!!! Anyone?????
Elon really sucks at presenting
oh my f GOD lol
How much for a cyber waifu gf??
Mexican cartels are going to love this..
Wie alt ist den bei Tesla der Desingner? Geht er schon zur Schule?
this is strait out of Minecraft
That was so uncomfortable to watch.. bunch of sheep's in the herd
We're addicted to oil because MOST AMERICANS CANADIANS AND EUROPEANS aren't pussies and some of us race, some ride fourwheelers or dirtbikes, and the last bit of us do donuts
if ANYBODY that can talk me right out of buying a car from this Co. would be him!! my 6yr.old niece could've done a better job!! do yourself a favor and don't ever do an opening again, worst ive ever seen
ugliest freaking truck ive ever seen!
Elon must be smoking the good stuff because that is the uglyist truck iv ever seen.Its so bad id buy a ford before i bought that and im 4th generation chevy famliy.
A smell of satanic deception in the mix.
vad är det för jävla plåtburk med 100 watts motor jag ser
This huge ass car won't do in my hometown at all. They want to ban cars.
this thing isnt  pretty at all
I am sorry Mr Musk but that one damn ugly Truck
Unscripted AF LOL
it looks rubish I will never by it
is this a joke?
I'm sorry, did you just make fun of the styling of the big three trucks?  Then roll out this abomination?    You took the worst design elements from other auto flops, and mashed them all together.   You have created an ugly useless truck.  The bed is all but useless and unusable.  Towing with an electric truck will be very short range.  How does a company who made their mark by producing elegant, even beautiful electric cars come out with this mess for a truck?  The whole time i thought this was a joke.
creepy...
that my space age truck the say design I made with the brand new 3d design program designed for make car with well then this Jean-Paul..
honestly, I think it looks a bit bizarre and sci-fi. More like something I'd expect from a moon rover.


It's got many angles, but the angle on the roof is particularly unappealing to me.


(and lawl and window fail)
Looks like the truck I used to make out of juice boxes when I was a kid lol
i like how he's using a deadblow sledge
omg i just bought a new truck im taking it back i want this
Pretty friggin sweet
What a great idea a tough truck.
Does it come with batteries?
Trucks have been the same for 100 years because they got the job done
just what i always wanted in a truck. and less. a lot less.
7:46 - 7:50 Elon Musk Challenges all truck manufacturers Officially XD
I was expecting to see a nice futuristic slick design, but not on that one ....
Watch out if they say it’s reliable and dependable  , well we know how indestructible the windows are 
wtf is that mostrosity? I LOVE IT! lol xD
I want one
This looks like a DeLorean with a lift kit
am i the only one that was thinking that the broken glass was a prank and the last thing they where going to do was remove the false pane to shot a perfectly unfazed glass
LMBO When the glass broke!! he was probably pooping his pants!! Showcasing how proof the glass is and it breaks with alittle throw! I would totally run away...
What happens in a head-on crash!?
remember that , the governments and the car manufacturers with their gasoline engines have done nothing for 90 years to show us that they cares about the air we breathe
Your kidding right,  all the technology in the world and they design that?
that guy was swinging so soft at the tesla
This going be a big big seller.
I can imagine all the bank robberies / what the fuck ever else you can think of using it for thats going to happen. But it is a big beautiful bitch and I want it
I want it on military car
So how much is this thunder dome truck? 200K?
So, a toy truck, not a work truck?
What about a Tesla Motorcycle ?
This guy is a shape shifter
armored glass doesnt break.. lol   breaks with a 3 mile an hour fast ball
There's no truck bed?? That's ridiculous
GIVE IT TO JEREMEY CLARKSON, RICHARD HAMMOND AND JAMES MAY TO DO LIKE THEY DID WITH THE TOYOTA HILUX!!!
OMG what 5 year old designed that damn monstrosety?
"Rehearse?  I don't need to rehearse!  Script?  I don't need a script!  I'll just wing it!"
Was that in a mad max movie? Looks like a rolling tin can. Lol
I would rather drive a 1974 honda civic
funny how the original Tesla had his experiments sabotaged too
That wuss could hardly swing the hammer!
I prefer 1970s muscle if your going to get any muscle car make sure its a 1970s or older too be honest not a fan of hell cats
Elon musk here pushing for a revolution. Like  "here militias, lets even the playing field" before they leave "oh don't forget to check out boring!"
Who said it was bulletproof LOL
I don't know who stutters more ....OZZY or ELON.   He needs to, at least, hire someone who can present this to the world properly.
Lots of Money on the line and he does this!!! Fail,Fail,Fail, c'mon let's get it together. Alot of people lost interest after this. I'm sure this could have been better..............
"bulletproof" ok, i belive you...
not muscle car, only MUSKL CAR
its gone viral after its failure, nice marketing strategy
Do those costumes come with that incredibly hilarious truck?
Isn't that a shuttle craft from the USS Enterprise, with wheels?
Sledge hammers have a STEEL head this here is a mallet.  Rubber coated with steel shot inside or something.  A sledge hammer wielded buy a guy that has wielded one before would definitely dent it.
500 mile range when unloading. Add that 14k and I be you don't get 100 miles.
i am just waiting for roadster
Can I electrify the skin for the key scratchers?
And how exactly shall Middle east groups be able to mount machine guns and other necessary equipment on those trucks ?
This thing has made lifted jeeps look cool again 
Deer ain't happy to see this coming at them at night.
Elon Musk is the shit.
Side view mirrors missing
Does this deflect radar, batmans new ride maybe
What a complete piece of shit this thing is. This guy is a complete whack job.
This isn't really what the cars going to look like rite ? I mean really it looks like a delorean and GI joes jeep had made an accident.
Why did they put in breakable glasses??
He got the idea from a 2x3 slope cheese block LEGO piece
put a generator on it
why does i feel like he is like lex luthor a bad guy ranking up the ppopularity to take over the world
I don't get it!


Better writers, first off, and second this seems like something that most people would not drive.
This was the worst and most cringy presentation I have ever seen. I love the concept and build quality though.
ARE THOSE AVAILABLE ON CYBER MONDAY? LOLS EHHEHE
that is one ugly ass truck, but i love it so much
the last comment, if you are trying to convince the Americans to switch to the electric truck you do not do it with something that looks like that. I like it because I am into sci-fi but I doubt the average working American would buy one.
what a freak car. Does look like a fantasy movy from 1990s  a
the truck has no rear view mirror illegal
why is he taking like if he is doubting  his speech i ill say may be that way he talks.
And that is  a great car pal.
''Foehammer, i need you to disengage your wart-hog, the master chief and i are going to see if we can save some soldiers!''
And this makes 0 pollution to produce? ?? Probably 5 times as much and then you have a moving bomb on the road. WHO GOT PAID OFF HERE???
HEY I KNOW!!!  LETS MAKE A BOX, PUT WHEELS ON IT, AND GIVE IT TRIANGLES FOR WINDOWS!?!?!!  But do yo really think they'll buy it?  OF COARSE THEY WILL!!  WE' LL JUST  DO A REALLY COOL RED BACK DROP WITH LAZORS AND OBNOXIOUS MUSIC...   Your a penis....I mean genius...
Um, yeah, what your 3 year old kid would dream of and you make! Kiddin me?????
I think the Simpsons predicted this?
Why did the helpers look like villans and not scientists?
Well, that was embarrassing.........lol
Musk sounds like a 4 year old , my mrs can swing a sledge harder than that guy ,and that truck hurts my eyes to look at
great
So weird Grimes with an English accent and calling her bf her creator.
Can I have an old body style swapped on this truck? I just hate the way it looks. Not a fan, wont buy it.
I have no problem with a electric vehicle,...but damn, couldn't they have made it somewhat more appealing? That thing is just butt ugly...
Holy hell he can't talk that well
The word "SUSTAINABLE" ...  is trouble.  You'll SEE.
Dr. Brown called. Someone stole his DeLorean.
he sounds like me in my Primary School Spech
is it just me or is elon terrible at presenting. I kinda like the truck though!
i keep getting carvana ads lol
Я думал.что Таврия нова самая убогая машина.но я ошибался
Bullet resistant*
In the future he has no clue
What are all the idiots holding their phones up?? I mean everyone knows it will be available in perfect quality after the event, and every single one of these people will have a miserable video and sound quality when they do it themself from a really bad view.
electricity less than gas. lol you never been to ontario.
its good
hes getting us ready for war
I made a better looking truck at Disney's TEST TRACK ride...
tires are still oil
is this a world 
wide prank ?
Its look like a car from roblox or other sthi like this
Completely impractical.
He find People from the Street to help him with this?
Co to za chujmia️️️
Worst presentation I've ever seen.
And the guy with the hammer, what the hell is he doing, has he ever touched a hammer before?
That wrist must hurt after first hit.
The Elon Snake Oil delivery Truck. This Truck Pollutes  more than STANDARD TRUCKS !!!    Think about where the electricity comes from .  The batteries are so toxic !!!!!
Highway electric wars
I am going to drop this here.  Research terminal velocity.
DeLorean2.0
That's one ugly truck. I'll wait for generation 2
do rich just people like to break cars
dislike for the sheep like for the Elon musk disses
This advertisement production is amateur hour. Looks juvenile just like the amateur design.
That is the ugliest "truck" that I have ever seen. I don't think that thing is going to sell. Love Tesla, HATE...HAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTEEEEEEE This...ABSOLUTELY HATE this
that was really embarrassing but not bad
Fucking RC Car
Nice s**t :) hho is future no batteries.  They feed us technological progress that does not exist :)
So no ones going to mention that this thing is ugly beyond all means
Bunch of liberals 
ugli car in the word 
150 is the MAN
Train wreck presentation. Mumbling bumbling Musk.
Elon Musk isnt shit.  He runs a junk store.
That is without a doubt the ugliest truck ever made.     who would want to drive such a thing lol
Gotta be the ugliest thing Ive ever seen, Please dont make that
Who would drive such an ugly piece of shit lol I rather play halo on my Xbox not drive the shit in real life lol 
My god, what a bullshitter. The reason that trucks haven't changed all that much is because it is the bast design for the purpose. Not to mention that those of us with a brain like it the way it is. That is why people are buying more trucks than ever before. Go ahead and let the guy at the building materials yard drop a yard and a half of gravel into it. Will it also automatically unload itself? Oh, and by the way, how the hell do you install a lumber rack on it?
God that truck is dam ugly looking!! Looks like something you’d see in a horrible 80’s movie
I could have made this shit.
Is this fake? I bet it was just an act or some crap
I'LL BE BACKKKKK
is this a joke? seriously asking. I don't know anything about tesla or elon. I just knisw he is a billionaire. this truck/presentation is pathetic. this cant be real
Best 22 minutes of cringe.
The background music feels like I'm in half-life about to get murdered by a zombie
SMH ️️️
Honey aren’t you wearing petroleum... yes make u is
What a load of Bollocks
SEND
I have a crush on his waifu he had at the beginning.
11:58
some windows
I mean, this is really ugly
,So ugly look like some Tesla aztek
so so fucking ugly,if anybody need bulletproof vehicle for sure will go for something way more heavy duty with diesel engine
Butt it's Ugly...
Says and is Are 2 Different things
compleatly fake
musk is a terrible presenter
Graphics: Low
skip on wheels
Terrible public speaker.
horrible espantoso quien diseño ese adefesio
carro feio
ugly as helll this "truck".
sure l drew that thing in the
joke car
for every single word
um?? claire boucher??
الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله
Hunger games?
But ist's so ugly!
elon tusk :D
I mean I guess
This is the first time I have thought Tesla is cool. I'm ordering this truck.
The RAV4 EV is an all-electric version of the popular RAV4 SUV produced by Toyota. Two generations of the EV model were sold in California, and to fleets elsewhere in the US, with a gap of almost ten years between them.
 
The first generation was leased from 1997 to 2003, and at the lessees' request, many units were sold after the vehicle was discontinued.[1] A total of 1,484 were leased and/or sold in California to meet the state's mandate for zero-emissions vehicle.
What are all those people shouting now !!!
Wow, you pulled the smallest 2wd F150 out there.
You know what. It seams like a really well thought out plan. Pretend to be socially awkward and present your own truck and ...oops something goes wrong and the whole world jumps on the either defence or hate bandwagon and you sell millions of said truck because people just want to own it because of the failure lol. Genius if i don't say.
Much respect for this great build. But it's so disgusting and unnatural looking, who came up with this horrendous design?
This truck will either make Tesla or break Tesla. Good luck Sir.
The Future is here, thats going to be the first truck of the underworld
Wow!!! they actually copied our Dream Car, wow!!!
I love the cybertruck it is the #1 truck I wont get any other truck I will get the cybertruck
It’s easy to tell the difference of the new truck. It my be a good product but needs a better sales Pitch
am i the only one that thought the slide hammer hit was not as hard as he made it look?
07:30 NO LE PEGO MUY FUERTE AL CYBERTRUK
I like it!
The Main Man in Technology.
Audi did the glass thing better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W14SFyJe77I
Also 0 crumple zones on that truck ... this should be forbidden from the public roads .Its pure killing machine.
It seem more like military machine than civilian .
12:00 Se rompe el vidrio de la camioneta!!!!! estuvo 5 minutos antes mostrando como ese FAMOSO vidrio no se rompia!!!! WTF!!!!!
When Mercedes wanted to make rectangular truck they came up with Mercedes G-wagen.. in 1979!!! mind you it`s 2019 and what the hell is that?
Elon missed an excellent opportunity to explain why the window broke. Bc if you left your baby in the car and can't unlock the door then how are you going to break the glass?
elon looks like he practiced the presentation last night for a half hour. maybe he should hire someone to do the presentations.
Porsche 911 GT2 RS , 0-100KMh 2.8 s , Top Speed 340 KMH / 700 PS
Before I buy a Cybertruck the first thing I'll do is request a set of extra large brushed metal colored Truck Nutz from Bulls Balls to hang from the tow hitch before I even drove it off the lot. I mean, can you imagine?
Is it big enough to put a generator in the back of it ?
I am already dreading the future.
As a service technician, where the f$$k do I put my ladders at bro!!
I just wonder how is this sustainable if you need a power-plant to make that electricity.If every vehicle in the world was electric the world would be even more polluted than now.For producing the lithium for batteries you pollute so much water that this has no sense at all.
Bullet proof? they said it can stop up to a 9mm. Thats bullet resistance to some pistols but i doubt if your going to kill somone in a car you would use a 9mm and try shooting them through the door?
lol jesus, the guy held back so much when hitting the truck with the hammer,  does he think that we didn't all see the difference in power between the 2 doors? lol wow
Ok so it was designed from a 15 polygon model, done by a 9 year old now familiarizing himself with Maya.

Homer Simpson comes to mind
it looks like a deathtrap :/
and it doesn't even have review mirrors??
I mean all this is meaningless if you cant put a ladder rack, tool boxes and such on it.  Are the tiers standard sizes?  This looks more like a grocery getter than a work truck.
Looked cool when saw it last week, but looks dated now.
How far will it go and how long to charge.?
Powerful brick 
All it's missing is solar panels
Maybe, but I am not sure, Elon was so nervous. And smashed glass...And, it`s surprisingly but people steel think that this is revolution. So it be) And people starting make a preorders. I like Elon for his revolutionary and brave ideas. He so tough(on the good sense) on the presentation. But he definitely (on my opinion) was so nervous.
when you run out of battery in the middle of the woods and half to use a generator lol
That was supposed to be the Honda Ridgeline.....sadly they went back to past....CAB-Bed configuration....Tesla Grab it , electrified and is going after the market..........
The sledge hammer on the cyber truck was must softer
shooot it!!
so no door mirrors ?
you need to be an alien to enjoy this car
looks like the truck that I drawed back in 3rd grade
Couldnt finish watching after the glass fuckin broke. Lmfao 
Who thought this guy how to swing a sledge hammer
so production is carbon neutral???
Great. So.... When will you unveil the Iron man suit.
This is just my opinion but..
Does anyone else not like the look of the truck? It just doesn’t feel and look like a truck. I know that’s the point but it looks like a car more, maybe it should be called something different. Yes, it called a cybertruck but i don’t know, should it really be considered a truck? 
(Just my opinion)
Super cool truck but it might be the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my entire freaking life, really.
What a mess !      Delorean meets StarTrek!
That is the biggest POS I have ever seen!!!!!!!!!! Wouldn't take it if they were giving them away.
My grandmother can swing a sledge hammer better than that.
  This thing is the worst looking thing I've ever seen.
I call bullshit, where do I tie off my 16 foot 2 by's, cybertruck had head start on tug of war, and whats it gonna cost me to replace those damn windows
If you can’t put a rack and an extension ladder on it, then it’s not a truck.
Elon is no Steve Jobs.....jeez, I think I could have done a better presentation myself.
The sledge is rubber I’ve used that before
Damn, for sure someone lost his her job already!! :p
Did anyone else expect the Cyber truck to threaten shooting the sledgehammer guy
that guy with hammer was a joke, but the truck is kind of neat
skip forward to 11:50 for the juicy part
How do you call this a truck ??  Have not seen anything this ugly since Chevy came out with that so called truck in the early 2000s. If this is what the future is coming to .... UUUGGG !  HELP !!!    When the window smashed  OMG !!!
he said drop the ball at a higher level... but objects drop at the same speed
Designed on a windows 95 PC
why is it bulletproof...does he want something that won't get shot in a war?
doesn't know how to use a hammer :D
Audience needs to shut up and have a bit of respect.
OK where to start? Let’s start with the windows. Since I do this for a living I know quite A lot about automobile windows. And let’s start with something that you’re not seeing. Remember that everything coming down the road contacts the windshield. Have you seen the size of that windshield? Only produced by xxx And only in Limited numbers. That you have to order, and wait for it to arrive. What about the roof? Is that all glass as well? What a pain in the a$$$
To replace. You can’t put it on your truck to take it to the job to replace it. Because it’s too damn big.
Now let’s talk about the door glasses, those are just laminated door glasses. Maybe several layers thick. Costing you even more money to replace. Yes you can’t get through them. Because they’re laminated. But they’re broken right? Well I guess you’re going to have to replace them unless you’ve got a way around passing in inspection.
Now let’s talk about that fabulous body. When you get in an accident or something hit your car, and it doesn’t bend Or collapse. All that energy is transferred where? To your body that’s where. You could make a truck out of concrete if you want to. But you won’t survive the crash. That’s called inertia. Evidently tesla does not know about inertia. Oh wait will just put more air bag$$$$ in it. Do you see where this is going? Do you think Ford Chevrolet and Chrysler Do not have crash tests? Their cars and trucks are the safest in the world. Because they have money. If they were not The safest cars in the world, the lawyers would take all their money away.
So that’s not The big thing though. The big thing is the technology aboard this vehicle. It’s not anything anyone can fix but Tesla. If something goes wrong, you have to call them. Or have the car re-calibrated by telephone or whatever. It’s a computer. on wheels.
Wait, wait there’s more. This is an electric car. So reason stands that you would have to plug it in somewhere. Where do you think all those magic pixies come from? Unicorn farts? Magic dust? No! Coal.... Dug from the ground...COAL.... That’s right folks black nasty, polluting, mining… Coal. Unless you have your own wind generator, or 14 years in front of a solar panel, or your own nuclear generator most of that electricity coming out of your outlet is produced from coal.
Wait, wait there’s even more… So you want to get out of town Ha? In your car right? Why you can’t really do that Can you? Unless you have a outlet everywhere you go. In my car, I can stop at the local liquid hydrocarbon store, and purchase a gallon of liquid hydrocarbon placed it in my liquid hydrocarbon tank, and go about 25 miles. My car is completely analog, with zero computers. And when it doesn’t start, I know I need to file the points
NowI’m all for technology but Tesla is putting the cart before the horse. There is no good way to charge a battery. And there are no good batteries as well. They both produce more pollutants, then driving my 1967 Volkswagen beetle… Non-catalyst carbureted Beetle.
I believe the future is in water. It’s made of oxygen and hydrogen. If you can separate those both. You have great potential. Producing batteries whether they are lead acid or lithium are very damaging to the environment.
Aesthetically a disaster ... the desiner was heavily drugged.
Elon Musk: appears
Audience:
TeRMINATor!!!!
i thought that guy had more charism...
lmao,, I hate it. But I still want it. Deloreanesk design.
Watch the magic show..
lol did they even reherse this? money to put rocket on moon, but not for a speech class lol.
this is not design. this is horror.
Magic Show
1:19 i love elon so much
Terminator truck.
On dirait une Citroën BX; trop moche!
Дизайн конечно гавно, неужели нельзя было покрасивее сделать? Да и стёкла подвели.
looks like crap from the future :D
If that"s the design of the future or people think its futuristic looking lmfao. i,d rather walk than be seen in that hideous beast. Just give me a horse which is a way better design .  A square box with a triangle roof?? please save me from his genius  & give me common sense  any day. If people like it and want to buy it cool but please don,t try and tell me that body shape/design  is nice looking. If car or truck manufactures start making vehicles shaped like this the future is more f!@#ed that i thought.
Looks like something off Total Recall from the 80s.
Is it me only that thinks he does not know how to speech talk, he sounds so nervous
Someone smoking good Cali Budz when designing this monstrosity - Millennials RULE
Get off stage and let the truck do the talking.
Why the hell it's so ugly??? Can't you make an electric truck that looks like modern vehicle and not like a brick?
Wow this press launch was really hard to watch. Boring, slow, many long pauses. Elon should stick to sitting behind a desk. And how can Tesla go from nice sleek looking cars to this ruler designed block with a few more angles. Big Disappointment.
jesus......
terible all around the lighting display for show is probaly the best
Nice windows..
$40k for what that thing looks stupid as hell! It's like a no-frills look'n 40 years in the future throw-back from the show Logan's Run, what a piece of crap, boooo.
you gotta be kidding me a joke?
Mad Max for Hipsters
LMFAO...oops on the glass eh...lol
Look like really bad, shame to call this PICKUP, shame with this glass
Obviously didnt swing as hard hitting the Ugly Truck.
️, Airplanes have been The same for a very long time...
I thought they left that on the moon,
Batman:Does it come in black?
he is a incredibly awkward man!
11:58.....LMFAO LMFAO
Yea the elcomino didn't stick around very long doubt a four door version that fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on its way down is going to do much better.........e-cruck
Musk for president
He got that from Robo Cop
did they design that on an etch -a - sketch urggggg
Pretty strong unlike me hahhah
Does "Franz" throw like a girl ?
  WOOOOO !
That truck might have some points but it looks like shit. He could have put a little style into it.
biggest rip off of Back to the futre ive ever seen
Most awkward presentation ever
The award for ugliest futuristic car goes to Elon Musk
ALL IN BLACK:::AND THE LADY BLACK WINGS LIKE A DEVIL
lol cyberpunk, he's too much playing game.
Hecklers at an unveiling ?
Well, thats the worst thing ive ever seen
2:20 dit u see it?
Lol, It's the "Homer" of the future !! hahahahaha !!!
No, seriously, It looks like something out of a B grade sci fi movie.
Listen to the groupies meowing in the background.
that truck looks stupid what was he thinking, maybe for military . Bust
Why is everyone so angry at this new toy..
Open your eyes, people! This Cybertruck is absolutely ugly.
worst presentation ever. us truck owners don't normally swing hammers at our trucks.
Such a ugly fucking truck I'll stick with my 2013 gmc sierra and 2015 ram Laramie.
So. The demonstrated was a lie haha
Can I just say that thing is ugly as hell
God damn it, this thing is ugly ...
This truck was horribly presented - hyper awkward.
Listen to Dan from whats inside say Wheres neo we are living in the matrix
Are you kidding me that looks like shit. I'm sorry but it has no flux capacitor that s*** looks like a 1980s DeLorean
It is a complete disappointment and bad taste, an imposed design, with an eternal desire to stand out in the crowd ...
damn
"BALLSHIT"
Typical marketing technique, they guy really never hits the truck that hard because he doesn't want to damage it, I guess living in Cali or Chicago you need a bullet proof truck. What a bunch of BS I just wasted 22 minutes of my life I won't get back watching this BS.
Not only is that the ugliest truck or so-called truck, I've ever seen but what a major blunder!   you want to claim you built the toughest truck out there and then you look like a complete idiot.    ........., hilarious.
I like Elon but that thing is Fugly!!!!!!!!!! I wouldn't drive that if you gave it to me for free!
wizards
Jp' Momentum that is a cool Car you can see ist at Youtube #Momentum
Tesla is joke looks like something my 2 year old drawed in kindergarten.
Uhhhh,,this car is ugly.
'Murica prepare for real F4.
Doesnt matter how many special tricks this monstrosity has, it is still ugly as fuck!!!
HIDEOUS
THC ???
Very poor presentation, his audience sucks and he is not a salesman by any stretch of imagination.  Now for the real world, where is the electricity coming from; coal fired & gas fires generators.  
Putting the F150 up against a 3 motor electric version wasn't apples to apples and not even close. 
There may be a market for this Tesla wonder, but it is limited. 
History has always shown us where we have been, but it's also been the guiding force for where we are headed.
i like the base design.
however it does need some exterior trim pieces.
Imagine Tesla Cybertruck as a police car 
Have to buy one! Futuristic
It looks like a futuristic El Camino to me. LOL
Coolest car ive ever seen
Top Speed chapéu veio, mas o Tesla está imaculado
Back to the future! Looks like a DeLorean! Not much thought.
Upps....
Musk did it again!
after flame throwers, mars ride, now this? i am really excited to what comes next!
You can tell that guy swinging the hammer.  I've never done manual labor in his life. . And where the hell am I going to put my fire wood at..
just ordered . can't wait
what kind of performance would you get if you gut that truck 0-60 in like 1.9 mabe  fucking mint
But imagine how fucking wild people would have gone if Keanu Reeves rolled out of that Cyber Truck
You should try to make it look like a truck, and look good
great for off-road until it runs out of battery
I wanna see it pull a Ford F-150, a Chevy or GMC Truck, and a Dodge Ram ...all 3 at the same time uphill ...it does that then I'll be impressed ....I wouldn't care that the glass broke
Can hear some blade runner sound effects at 17:20 this really is a cyberpunk car
Well designed for the police, the army special force and the farmers......Not for the ordinary familly
if it weighs more the ford would pull tesla away... regardless of how much torque the engine actually has. that comparison is total BS ...
They made the entire car in a brake press
Wait did Elon-san just start the presentation with 3D Truck Chan..?
It isn’t safe to have unbreakable windows. I’m not a fan of this thing. Just pointing out that unbreakable windows is a non-feature.
Elon musk is our universe's tony stark
There is something wrong when he hit the truck, he hit the white door with the tilted angle of hummer where the sharp edges are  6:29 ,  but when he hit the Tesla truck he hit straight no angle of sharp edge with less strength. something fishy going on I'm not a expert here correct me if m wrong thanks
Just when I thought the Fiat Multipla was bad. It is not April, is it?
You can really see how the guy with the hammer does hit the normal door a lot harder than on the cyber"truck"
and the video with shooting the body.. is just a video.. you cant even see the car.. soo..
I'm not convinced at all
And ups.. He broke the glass. Who would have expected that...
Stupid marketing for the stupid..
What an abomination ! At least it can't look any worse if you crash into something.
Also, there's a good reason trucks are built on frames: it's called adaptability !
what a fail!!! I can not believe multiple people desgined this, approved this and they all thought this looked good!!! I am still in awe that this isnt a joke. Plus Engineering Explained did a video on why the tug of war was bullshit, the presentation was a disaster, and the glass broke!!! What a mess!!!! poor elon
wow 39999 for the truck 10000 for a set of glass lol
Well what if the truck fell into water? You can’t break the windows easily
Yeah I want a truck that is really tough and not fake tough, but can you make it look normal?
"Oh Yeah, we made an ATV"
They should've thrown a Nokia 3310 at the truck, I'm seriously concerned which one of them would shatter to pieces.
That thing could haul so much fucking mustard!!
I wonder how this supertrucks hard metal absorbs energy in a crash?
Lol I didn't know that I am the designer of new Tesla car. I sent Elon Musk my сhildren's drawings just for fun, what the hell?)
can we talk about this supposed geniuses grammar.. "do it at aaa bigger height."
I’ll made a CYBER TRAILER bear proof! 
"When we say something is build tough, that's what we mean."
Also, check out the album cover for Neil Young Transformer. So much for "original" Elon
I’m gonna haul my two kayaks and two mountain bikes where on this vehicle...??? It’s more of a joke, than a truck...!!!
He better hope this thing doesn't turn into a DeLorean
everyone is making SUV's nowadays, oh look, it's a Delorean SUV.
Why did the glass break
So how long does the battery last when towing?  Where egg oes sll the electricity come from to charge the battery?
4:29 timesplitters!
Man I love the products but the keynotes really suck
Terrible comparison on the tow test a one wheel drive vs an all wheel ...most people buy a diesel to tow something with as well...and also  what kind of range can u get when pulling a full load?
Oh ya! That looks better than my Ram....lol..haha..hoho
Seemed kinda week on the cyber truck Frans
Fred Flintstone & Barney Rubble were hit men for the MOB :(
yep a toy as I thought.
So when you drive in the water with this glass, you will die.... mmm nice and safe car.... back to the drawing board.
Shots fired at Ford 
Maybe the glass broke on purpose to get even more attention...
Road salt will eat it alive.
thumps up if you think this car looks awesome
I would buy an F150 Raptor Instead.. no thx
11:58 just a little awkward 
My question is does that thing do time travel
Question...where is the truck bed?
Hanz: flammenwerfer 
Franz: sledgehammer
Elon Musk is trying to fulfill Sci-Fi movie technology.
- made for Mars -
How the hell did 11:59 happen?
nice try but it looks like a DeLorean
Why is everyone filming with their phone? Do they not know the video will be on youtube with much better quality?
Gotta be April Fools day somewhere!
It look like trach !
Clearly this is a joke... a marketing approach we've not seen before.   Whatever it takes, eventually, it will be confirmed.
Clearly this is a joke... a marketing approach we've not seen before.   Whatever it takes, eventually, it will be confirmed.
Second grade engineers!! Kid drawing of a future vehicle in the 50's!! Is this a joke?!!
PS1 game designers got to work too
those poor people trying desperately trying to sound excited...
some ones a little to keen for cyberpunk 2077 lol
Che tavanata!!!
WTF? Looks like a kid made this of cardboard. Tesla cars used to be beautiful
Der Fiat Multipla wurde gerade von seinem Thron gestoßen
The crew on stage are look like Negan's gang from The Walking Dead and Frans is Negan himself.
What the hell did I just watch?
Why are all those people holding their phones up?
why did you change the intro music? It was Tron Legacy Score by Daft Punk :(
So if you crash in the water, you will drown.
A Delorean  Truck?  Styling and even SS body.
That thing is fucking hideous.  I dont know a single person that owns a truck currently that would even consider buying that thing.  How do you claim it has the highest ground clearance but still handles very well.  Everybody with 2 working brain cells knows the higher your vehicle is off the ground the worse handling gets.
well not much of a public speaker is he.
Tesla should hire a spokesperson.
Safelite Repair...Safelite Replace
Cybertruck 2077
boy he is not a very good hype man...
Hate the roof line! Looks like a little kid got some crayons and went to town designing this thing! No style at all! Worse than its counter parts.
It's a electric coffin, made by Electric Jesus, I mean Elon.
Elon good luck to you; but your marketing sucks LMAO
DO NOT TOTALLY BUY INTO THE ELECTRIC CAR FAD!!!!, You'll all be sorry!!!!
Nope. That is not a truck. Sorry, Elon. You missed the mark.
Algum brasileiro para eu não me sentir sozinho
What an ugly beast of a car. I don't want to have it for free.
Iron Ball Permeable
How many barrels of oil does it take to just build the battery for this ugly ass monstrosity?
soo, its ugly and stuff, but its sustainable energy, easy choice for me atleast.
Crumple zones?
Who came up with the shape? And when will he be 6?
When I peel potatoes it looks the same
This is painful to watch.
It’s funny because it’s not even a truck it’s a pickup and that isn’t even a pick up
Body by plywood.
This is Your mind on drugs
Most cringy product reveal ever.
but, but, why does it look so shitty?????
Lowrider with datens
Does he always speak like that??
he was smoking pot again while making the glass
Couldn’t they have gotten someone to do the presentation that didn’t stammer?
Three things to say about this vehicule: ugly, ridiculous and stupid. Low life toys. I was a fan of Tesla, but with this pretentious presentation, my admiration for this company has disappeared.
Looks like a hummer had sex with a Lamborghini countash and this be the result
Elon is the worst at public speaking
Lmao weak hammer throws lol jk
i hope thats a practical joke (worlds Ugliest car ever) or RIP Tesla lol
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Hes not good at public speaking. Reminds me of a kid that didnt make his own presentation. But the truck is cool Ill wait for a 2nd gen
This dude needs to lay off the caffine, he's too jittery.
The most ugly truck I ever seen !!!!
Is he high or something? 
Looks like some Canadian slapped it together from sheetmetal......
Did Jeff Goldblum write this presentation?
Stainless steel? HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM DO I SMELL ANOTHER DEAD END CAR PRODUCTION?!
Looks like hot garbage
Thats actually a plastic dead blow hammer. lol. A sledge would likely dent it. Especially if he didn't hold back like he did.
It's fuckin ugly. In Europe would not sale a single one!
ugliest truck ever
This presentation was terrible.
People in Texas use their truck beds for hauling tools and equipment where's the bed and who told you that people don't use there trucks bed for anything
Wow that car is ugly.
Im about to puke
this is one ugly ass truck
Biggest postirony i have ever seen
worst presention ever
Copied the stealth bomber design . Not a fan of hard angles and those fender wells are weird.
That is one ugly thing
That thing is so ugly
sorry,but that's one ugly ass truck,if you can call it that.
On second thought, can this thing evade radar?
It happens.. Still with Elon and Tesla.
Wow, the first 5 minutes i looked at it i thinking he is kidding, whats wrong with Elon? 5 minutes later yeah why not. 5 more i preordered that awesome it can do it all truck. I really need to have it so bad and i am not from the US... The Future is now. Watch it from different perspectives to fall in love with it..
i think the window broke because of the tests beforehand. you know, smaller fractures leading to bigger ones.
The truck is badass and the ATV tho,future
but does it really intend to sell it?
Stealth pickup
looks like a turkey tank test vehicle. And no trailer hook.
More likely to be sold out, 2 years waiting period and flipped up to 100K. Just ask the Supra and the Gladiator owners.
I love it
Elon musk: i don’t need a design program I’m Elon musk i can sell anything I can take a shopping cart ad a electric motor and a tablet and boom Tesla truck
It looks like a love child of K9 from doctor who, the Lamborghini countach, and the halo warthog
"We sustainable energy now." HHO is much more viable than EV and yet he shit all over the idea of it because it woul
d directly oppose his tech
Would have like to have seen the sledge hammer hit the corner on the door
Where can I order a life size photo print for on my wall? I want to look at it all day long .. (:
Tesla cant just copy old Ford Truck commercials
It cant be "Made Tesla Tough"
Closing that rear door looks really heavy
what about the side mirror?
It's Revolutionary
Elon musk is a terrible public speaker, but he really makes some awesome stuff.
I Like Tesla
They will not be able to produce enough.
I have never in my life wanted a new vehicle, not to mention a pickup truck.
Now I just ordered my first brand spanking new vehicle. 
They certainly do not need to install a Tesla badge on this one.
This will last for my lifetime if not into 22nd century.
The clothes and way they advertised it was kinda cool, but at the same time it looked pretty stupid when that woman had on what was essentially a feather embroidered shoulderpad....
wow if this is real i might actually want this truck more than a car only because deer will bounce the fuck off it without damaging it. deer are crazy around here. 
WAIT they wont make a motorcycle but they'll make an ATV?
Did you notice when the ATV driver closes the rear door, how heavy it was? Look at unveil video (​@)
More flames amd flashing lights with lasers next time please. Throw in some dancers and fireworks with strippers on poles and NFL lineman pushing it in with a bed full of beers. Every man would buy it.
He didn’t hit it hard
No side mirrors?
This Tesla Cybertruck is amazing, the best car in the world, robust and reliable. Elon Musk you did a great job, thank you very much.
Is Musk always this awkward on stage? I've never watched a Tesla event before this, so I don't know.
7:17 look at the weak ass swing
Preordered mine
…... Well, when an F-117 Stealth Fighter and a pickup truck love each other *very much*…..
;)
Coolness does not equal good design....
Do you offer Teflon coating for the politician model?
11:59 Oh my fucking god
Get the two motor awd, it’s 69k
Cyber Punk Truck , hideous, but a buy for the specs
elon would you kindly give the usaf their F-117 back
Can I buy one and put a Diesel engine in it???
Try Coal Rolling that Cold Rolled steel!
My electric truck powered by coal
Suicidal doors would have been awesome .
Love the utility but it's beyond ugly
Can i bring my kids to school with that?
I know it had to be different. But why did it have to be that ugly?
Looks like a jacked up lambo
this truck would be great if labour gets elected
How much for the atv
ohhhkay who replaced the windows right before the show
3:08 I was like "Dafuq is this? 100 years of no evolution to design so let's make something uglier?"...
“Trucks have always looked the same, pretty bland...so we decided to make one that was uglier than anything we have ever seen before”
Serious question: Are some of the "Wohooo'ers" and clappers payed? Because I really can't fathom that anyone would behave like that?
what about the James Bond submarine mode?
new fiat multipla?
What a bullshit demo - he totally held back on the hammer swing hitting the Tesla door
Yea, burn hydro, natural gas, and hydro
a ad every two goddamn seconds!
Poor Ford. They were shitting themselves on the 20th Nov. Now they're pissing themselves with laughter.
Looks like shit. Every good thing about this vehicle could have been done with a compelling and attractive shape. 
Could have been the ICE pickup killer at this price. 
Instead, it's the ugly play thing of a bored billionaire.
Did he not rehearse his presentation?
He looks baked   ;)
Painful to watch  what a disappointment  The Rivian people should be jumping out of their seats
Yea it doesn't look like anything else, it's the ugliest thing i ever seen.i look like a kid could drawn this thing.this looks futuristic thing from the 80's..not a future truck from 2020 and beyond.Color:Aluminium frying pan
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
11:59 12:19, 12:38. ️
Here’s a boomer we cannot insult
Lame ! This Truck Looks like 90´s Gameplay on PC   ;)
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
What is the mirrored pyramid in top right ? 4:32
Haters gonna hate
And should remain the same! What a joke this is!  Too bad this thing wasn't available for the moon landing.
If you watch this video 2 times, then your bank balance will be reduced by 70K USD so be aware
I wouldnt give you £5 for this piece of junk
Ugly piece of future. 
I love a simple mechanical thermostat.
Cybertruck 2077
Cyber truck more like SIFY truck gone wrong. this vehicle should have been produced by Lockheed Martin for war missions or NASA as a rover mission to Mars and or Hollywood for the Mad Max movie . This is no short of a military grade vehicle minus a gun turret/rocket luncher . any small vehicle collision with this thing will result in certain total collision.  if you’re trapped inside this thing will be a nightmare for rescue team to rip through 3 layers of titanium metal to get you out on time.
Why not be honest and call it what it is, a coal fired truck. That's where the electricity comes from.  Been driving trucks for nearly 40 years and this is ugly as hell. Show me one with a ladder rack and a tow hitch. Ugly
I am ready for an apocalypse
It's the Truck of the FUTURE for the DRUG CARTELS and Millionaire nuts that are afraid their Bad deeds are going to catch up to them.....
that's an INSULT!
Transparent aluminum anyone?
looks like ass, hard pass
He acts like a Street performer..just not as good......The biggest Scammer in the world........
That entire presentation and truck is horrible... good luck Tesla.
why is grimes doing an accent
Police cybertrucks.
no critics on mars anyway
boys have so much fun...
The same group that says they will go to mars can’t figure out a product reveal... shareholders please let that sink in
Hahaha ... with the load it even can not stand straight.
Not everything DIFFERENT is GOOD... here's an example
I tot the Rivian truck was ugly but LOL  the Tesla truck it’s a joke the ugly i ever seen:( looks like NASA moon  truck :( maybe Elon musk thousand say all the truth maybe he designed this truck for Mars , I hope he is going to come normal our earth  truck :) , 
No gauge in the front of the wheel all the time you have to look in the center it’s kind a little bit dangerous it takes the ice from the road, 
Hahaha  LOL  
Just think  how much the glass lt’s going to cost $$$$$$ I hope the truck it’s not junk like the glass:((

If he hit the car the same way he hit the windows the car will be damage to :) junk
He cooy the designe from the stelth plane ....
You environmentalists know this ultimately runs on coal right?
Next reveal... uhhh yeah we’re going to mars yeah... uh yeah
. . . are those 'rubber' tires? ehm, petroleum!
WHAT THE FUCK?
how about you show us the crash test footage as well as side impact and rear... tho i feel this car will fail them all.... cheap, tacky and over priced...  and..... how about you remove nikola tesla name... !!!!!!!!!!   nikola tesla would NOT approve!!!!!!
11:36 The Cringe Begins...
This is NOT a truck this is a piece of crap!  Why didn't he make an electric truck?  If this is the competition then the F150 will remain the best selling truck.  It barely holds that ATV.  How much gravel can it hold?  How much can it tow?  Those are the questions you ask of a truck.  Again, this is NOT a truck!
Swings a sledge hammer like he is whipping paint at a canvas lmao.  Ford execs are howling at Dearborn right now. Good way to
Shove your foot in your mouth!
Say sike right now
Yeah we are going to mars yeah.  We have transparent glass yeah... it’s hard glass yeah
Y CUANTOS MILLONES DE DOLARES VA A VALER ESA BASURA JAJAJA..
Horrible vehicle
Im sorry but Elon is the worst speaker I have ever heard.
Looks like something from a cheap '80s made for TV sci-fi movie.
that is some cringeworthy content. From the first to the last second.
Ol musky
Ugliest truck in the world
Lame
Look at all these quere millenials
So, who is the gay guy doing the presentation?
gay car
Jajajaja jajajaja SSSSCAAAAAMMM
O carro é muito feio
its ugly
ugly car
Elon is me presenting to a class on a project I didn't know was due that day.
apple: we released a new $52,000 computer!
Elon Musk: so did we, except it's even better, and comes with a vehicle attached!
Finally, a truck that I can draw...
The glass broke because when he was hitting the door with sledgehammer the window fell down. As you saw in the video before when the window was getting tested from above they tighted it each time they moved up. So because the window fell down slightly there was nothing at the top to support it so it smashed.
I'm happy to live with Elon Musk in the same century
At 15:45 someone in the crowd said “take my money” Elon laughed and was like “we will be taking that soon”
If they don't make a truck that looks like this, who else has the balls?
To me, it's mind-blowing -- and not so much the truck, but the thought process it instigated. 
First, when I saw the cybertruck, I thought: "WTF?! It has to be a joke!"
But then I realized:
1) It's a truck. 
I fret over my car's paint so much, I park in the corner spot every time, and there have been at least 3 occasions when it was repainted/repaired b/c of a super-minor scratch/scrape/dent. 
This thing is literally bullet-proof.
2) Cost savings are immense -- that's why it cost only 40K. 
Any decent reasonably-equipped truck these days pretty much cost as much -- and this thing has autopilot standard, air suspension standard, and can haul 14K lbs. It's insane.
3) It's goal-oriented, plain and simple. 
Elon has literally re-thought the entire concept of a truck. Nowadays it's an SUV with a bed. His truck can haul deer, concrete, metal, rocks, blood, gore, shit, sharps -- and be just hosed down to get back into pristine shape.
This was the reason I invested in Tesla and never looked back. I grew so much respect for Elon after that incident and the way he handled it. It was amazing, and maybe it was planned, maybe not but ,either way, pure genius, and his reaction after the glass got hit was where the legend was born
You can feel the lack of excitement  he had after the unexpected fault with the window glass breakage. But throughout he didn't lose his composure and that's a legend he is. Guy handles four incredible companies and himself devotes a lot into Tesla and you can imagine how many workhours he has invested into the design of the cybertruck and yet such a silly mistake happened. If it werent for him, then you could have seen a CEO turning a mad guy
CyberTruck is a leapfrog in the industry even with the minor window fail. It has set the new standard for what to expect.
3:29 There was the smoke, the fire, the laser show...now THAT's the way to intro the most badass pickup truck ever!
Why everybody hating, chill out, the textures haven’t loaded in yet.
Some BS and fails in this unveiling, but would I want one? ABSOLUTELY!  LOVE the raw and durable stainless exterior, 6.5 bed with built in cover, and a tailgate with a built in loading ramp. The suspension is awesome, and the acceleration is mind blowing. Musk is literally dissecting everything imperfect in modern vehicles and providing solutions.  At first I criticized him for being a terrible speaker, but then I realized it doesn't matter if he is some perfect speaker...almost all of those people are full of sh*t. He is real and raw and a genius.
After the glass broke, his composure shattered for a while. Somebody's gonna pay for that.
I love how everyone is treating the glass cracking like a huge travesty any other car the ball would’ve gone clean through both windows
we love the truck! we got lucky enough to get invited to the event to see the unveiling which we did a vlog on, and once we saw the truck, we knew this was going to change the world.
Thank you Elon musk for building the truck of the future technology styling from the ground up you literally have created the truck of the future. When time presents itself justified my next vehicle will be a Tesla truck without a doubt without a hesitation without comparing only on my spare time designing and r&d the perfect surround sound system for it. And as you suggested start a aftermarket tunnel cover that slides as well as lifts up depending on the four wheel off-road dirt bike. I was blown away when the price tag was that reasonable for a middle class worker. See I got nothing but love for this world and that's why I'm already a millionaire and when the paper with printed Dead Presidents on it confirms the others that I am what I already know I'm still going to buy that truck and I don't really see a reason to buy anything else maybe a four-door truck. I try to calculate how you were able to do this and offer it at a price so reasonable and the only conclusion that came to mind was it ain't about the money for you you're making a profit just to keep the company profitable but I  know after crunching the numbers last night you're doing this for the people you are literally doing this for the middle class workers. I've already got so many ideas of aftermarket little interior exterior motion activated simultaneous triggered alarm/r f night vision cameras for security as well as to provide the best video to put together as memories for myself and to share it with you too in the future and I'm talking multiple . Thank you so much providing AC inverter stock with the vehicle. Where most companies would have purposely not made it stock knowing there's a good aftermarket for that I love the style it was all about aerodynamics when drag and yes bulletproof I like I just need to figure out where to hide my ultra high output light that just stun those that want to harm me for whatever reason to where they think they encountered a UFO and they don't remember why they're there it's a spectrum of lights and a certain output that makes a deer freeze and he doesn't know why well as humans ain't that much different I'm excited man thank you very much for your contribution
Does anyone else get the feeling that some glass engineers just lost their jobs?
The future is now :) Really exciting times thanks to Elon. I hope Tesla will stay this bold forever.
I am a fan of science fiction.  I've waited for this car all my life.  Thanks Elon, the cybertruck will definitely be mine.
Question, can the cameras for the mirrors do as good as a job as tow mirrors?
Elon really opened up the presentation with his virtual wifu.
When the ball hit the glass, Elon’s first reaction was “oh my ducking gosh”
If i lived in the 80's and someone said to me design a truck from 2020. This would be it.
Thank you Elon. Nice truck. You are making this world better.
So many car companies make concept cars that look like something from the future...but never actually release such a model. Elon just did it.
I get the feeling that no matter how he unveils a new product, the audience and media will love it. He could come on stage clearly hung over, stuttering more than usual, barely even talking and just say “there it is that’s it, the cyber truck” and then hand it off to his crew to demonstrate and watch them from a distant corner while seated and wearing sunglasses indoors, possibly drinking from a flask or bottle in a paper bag.
All those key scratchers are going to need to up their game lol
I’m so glad to see  X Æ A-12 is following in his dad’s footsteps and designing cars
His cars are fairly decently priced, I kinda want one now 
i love that he built it to last.a truck worth buying and actually get hold its value.sorta like they did with the old muscle cars.so smart his truck will last 30 to 40 years
The thing I like about this truck is it IS everything he promised. It looks unique, it looks Bladerunner like, its faster than a Porsche, it will turn heads, and it hauls. I've already pre-ordered. That being said the presentation notably went a little down hill after the glass broke. I don't think this is a big deal as its pre-production, but it was just cringing to watch a live fail like that. I still have so much respect for Elon for taking a BOLD step that I pretty sure (outside of supercar designs) no one else would take.
That's a piece of history in the making! Thanks Mr Musk!
He is truly amazing!! So is his truck ! A huge hammer and no dent ? The glass cracks but don’t break! He is from the future!!
Great introduction. Love the truck and Elon Musk
This truck scratches at lvl 100 with deeper grooves on level 1000...
The more I look at it the bit it grows on me, I can't wait to see these on the roads
I think it was said to be metal glass, that is sintered aluminium, a fairly recent development. Transparent aluminium, according to Scotty of ST. The test panels were able to bounce in the frames when hit by the ball, perhaps disipating some of the KE of the ball. The in truck windows are held tightly in place. Plus I read on another channel where the ball was thrown at the windows a number of times preveal so may have been weakoned.
There's no way other manufacturers will even come close to getting close to the physics and technology used by Tesla.
Man I really want this truck,  it's just soo cool.
I've heard only bad things about this. But watching the full unveil has changed my mind - I want one
Teslas generally have stellar crash test records. However, I worry that this car is too solid, with no crumple zones to dissapate the impact.
This is a incredible pick up!! Very good tesla! I want one but i haven't got enough money
Literally everyone in the audience just wants to be heard.
Such a work of art I’m still waiting to buy one
I think we must salute to Elon Musk because he's having the ability to face the audience and media after the test with smiley face.
I should get one of these A it looks cool B it could save my life C I love Tesla and space x
So everyone's gonna ignore that Elon is morphing into The Terminator(I)?
I was taken aback at first but after seeing more pictures and understanding how very very tough this truck will be I’m really starting to like it.  Imagine the fun a person could have off roading it would be a blast. I have a feeling there will be some design changes before production starts.
I wonder where the bulletproof part comes from.  Stainless steel has strength properties very close to high strength steel.  The stainless steel would have to be about 1/4" thick to be able to resist even a 9 mm.   Also, the guy that hit the two vehicles with a hammer didn't hit the Telsa nearly as hard.   The reveal was pretty much leaned toward the Telsa.
It's too bad the glass situation, but to Elon's point, the steel ball didn't go through, which it would on any other car out there so still a good presentation in my eyes!
I love how Elon is so casual with everything
These trucks with those numbers and features at those prices are insane.
As a truck owner who’s truck works for a living... no side access to the bed is a huge drawback. Curious what the built in ramp is actually rated for, as it seems a bit more show than function, for the most part, if you want to load a mower without dropping the deck, you need arched ramps. The only really functional ability I see would be being able to raise the front and lower the rear creating a slight tilt bed effect. 

Basically Elon made a truck for California millennial liberal hipsters, not the working man. I’m betting if you ask for a snow plow package you might as well be asking for a cheese wheel rotator 
"The way I see it, if you're gonna build an EV into a pickup, why not do it in some style??  Besides, the stainless steel construction helps to... LOOK OUT!!!"  Elon has just traveled one minute into the future
Elon sounds like an SNL actor trying not to laugh at his own skit
for those who came for the glass break

11:55 
12:18
it might be the spacing of the glass window that caused too much vibration which caused it to crack. The first glass test looked very secured laying flat with those claps.
This is amazing. When is this vehicle going to be released?
They forgot one thing...







Side mirrors
Elon in this video is like your 8th grade science teacher when he first got a smartboard
I can't even imagine how much it would cost to replace that enormous windshield!
Elon Musk: *sneezes*
Audience: WHHOOOOO!!!! YAAAY!!!
its like the wraith but a truck.i love it.what else can you expect from a rocket scientist
When the glass was hit with the ball, it reminded me of "It works on my computer!!". Life of a programmer
Elon Musk: breathes
Audience: wuhoooooo wow yay!
Looks aside, Elon is actually putting decent functions in this truck. Other companies treat cars and trucks like phones and ad 1 or 2 minuscule features and change what it looks like a tiny bit.
In my opinion Cybertruck is masterpiece of bold innovation
and design that only Tesla is brave enough to attempt. I think is looks much
better than run of the mill pickups. One of the main reasons that the Cybertruck
can be produced at a lower cost relates to how the body is produced. The stainless-steel
body can be formed by simply folding the sheet metal without the necessity for
expensive stamping machines. Also, the absence of paint results in significant
cost savings. A paint shop cost 200 million dollars in initial capital
expenditure and has additional ongoing expenses. The painting and drying of is
time consuming and is often a bottle neck in production.  Cybertruck eliminates this cost and bottle
neck. The exoskeleton design was necessary to decrease the weight of the Cyber
truck so that it is not heavier than the conventional pickup truck despite its
heavy batteries. Other electric pickup makers will have a hard time competing
with this design in terms of specifications and cost. The bizarre appearance of
the Cybertruck is a necessity to keep costs low for these specifications. The
price and specifications of this vehicle are so compelling that it is a viable
alternative to a conventional car. I would normally never buy a pickup truck,
but I will be getting the Cybertruck as my daily driver. It costs the same as
my Tesla Model 3 and has so much more capability and room. Should be great in
heavy snow and won’t rust from the salt used on streets in the winter in the
Chicago area where I live. Won’t need to worry that one bird shit will stain
the car forever.  The only downside when
compared to a car is its large size which might cause issues with parking in
some areas. The pickup truck will use more electricity per mile driven then the
car but the additional cost difference is not as significant as with internal
combustion pickup trucks. Once the general public understands this, there might
be a whole new segment of population that will opt for the cyber truck instead of
a car. Power outage in the house? Run an extension cord to Cybertruck and get
by with powering essentials like phones, broadband modems, and rechargeable led
lighting. You could even cook with an instant pot or induction cooker. Also, Elon
confirmed on twitter the car may have a solar option for the bed cover that can
add some range when the car is parked in the sun. I don’t care that other people
may not like how this looks. If they want something that looks like a regular pickup
they will pay more ant get less. Not a choice that I would make. I would like
to see this low-cost polygon body concept scaled down to a mid-sized SUV with
three rows of seats with the last two rows foldable and removable. This would
be a better alternative to a family car than a pickup truck. Scaling this down
to an urban hatch back the size of a Honda Fit should allow an EV with a range
of 200 miles for low $20Ks in couple of years.
1:18 who else was laughing at that person that said hi dad 
You know what,,, seeing it in action is cool, I actually like the truck now
Elon: It is a new truck.
Everyone: Yay a new car.
Elon: "So now, eh uh brrt blp beep boop yeah".
Audience: "YEEEAAHHH WOOOOOOO"
Looks like a time machine from a sci fi movie. Probably the inspiration came from the Delorean. I like that the design is simple, different and functional.
The first truck to be paired with not only a small ATV but also a Starship rocket.
Remember.
First, they'll laugh.
Then, they'll copy.
How on earth did they come up with something styled from the 70's, early 80's . Has it really taken us this long to find out that  Delorean really did go  back to the future!!!!
The cyber truck kinda looks like how I used to draw normal cars when I was a kid  Elon is the worlds biggest kid 
Does anyone else think that looks like a warthog from halo

Thx for all the likes
Such badass haha nice work!

It’s a battle truck!
The glass broke because they did a test before the presentation. They threw the same metal ball at the glass and it didn't shatter. However, the test made both windows open a little bit, making them much weaker and easier to shatter.
Someone in the Audience: " take my money " 
Elon : "yeah u welcome "
I remember watchini this Live and I was like well that window isn't tough as I thought.
To be honest i like how it looks
You can see him stop halfway through the swing on hitting the truck
Inspired, Daring, Futurist and he sees the vision...$...and he had all the mathematics worked out...! I see where Elon is going...very very smartly done...
I don't care what this looks like, it's a body on frame electric. You can put whatever you want on it. Congratulations Elon.
When the truck rolled in, if it weren't for the epic music, the smoke and the flames, the crowd would have roared with laughter.
He was definitely taking it easy on the cyber truck
I’m buying one of these!
It look like something from a 1980s movie that tells us what future vehicles would be like
Obviously the restraint conditions on the installed glass are quite different from those on the demonstration tables. Would probably have tried the impact test before going live. Also, sledge hammers are intended for vertical swings. They're not baseball bats. One of your 2" ball bearings on a tube would have done a better job of producing dents with horizontal swings and 100 mph head velocity. 

I don't care much for the styling, but all in all, if I can go 10 seconds in a quarter mile, have a 500 mile charge range and pay $39,000 for it, I'd take one. I have to be honest, though, when I put my money down on one of your solar roofs and energy management systems, I was sorely disappointed in your inability to deliver.
So many people were appalled when they first saw this truck, in fact I was a little disappointed as well, now, it is by far my favourite pickup (if that's what you want to call it) on the roads. Now, I look at a Ford or Chevy or any other pickup, in disgust. Besides, a pickup is not the car to look sexy! That's what the S, 3, X,  Y, and Roadster are for. A pickup is for its capabilities, not its looks; a pickup is the vehicle you get dirty, you get banged up (or in this case not banged up), its the vehicle for work and the outdoors.
He is the first engineer or inventor I have actually been interested in.
As a truck guy and business owner I will say this has a very long way to go to replace a standard pickup truck. BUT I'm glad that someone is trying. It makes a better suv then a truck at this point. there are a few safety concerns with this truck and they are huge. First of all they stopped making "safety glass" for side windows years ago for few reasons. One is when you roll it or are otherwise thrown about during an accident the glass will shatter but stay in place cutting your face head ears and arms. tempered glass shatters and falls away. also is lets first responders gain access to the vehicle to render aid after the accident. the other issue is with the "tough" doors. Doors are designed to jam closed during an accident so they wont fly open and also adding to the crumple dampening effect to lower impact g-forces so the tougher they are the harder they will be to pop or cut off to extract you from the vehicle. along with the windows staying in place and not being able to break them, spells disaster. I really hope they take these and other safety measures into consideration. I do like it as an urban assault vehicle :)
Whoever was at this concert, they feel like the king of the world rn 
On second look I think its awesome!
Elon knows we live in a simulation! He's getting ready for the FPS to drop!!
Bloody hell, I think I will wait for the Rivian.
I would trade my model 3 for a cyber truck immediately! Especially if they threw in the cyber gurl.
Love it! Just watch out for flying ball bearings.
I am super curious, ELON!, does this pickup draw any inspiration from 
Aston Martin's one of a kind Bulldog?
How embarrassing when the glass broke
This was pure comedy  the truck is crazy  tho
I booked this car! so excited to get !!
NO WAY that truck starts at $39.9 K!!! Too good to be true!
You have to love this guy.
1976: I would like to present my plans for 2022 (cyber truck)
2022:I would now like to present the cyber truck
Guy winds up for hitting the regular door with the sledge hammer
And just tickles the cyber truck
As you can see that he held back the power on the first two strikes to the door of the cybertruck.
21:55
it looks more like an actual car now, provided you remove the ATV on the back.
11:55 the part your here for.
best truck ever built  thanks Elon
I‘m happy to live with Elon Musk on the same planet! :-)
that dude clearly never swung a sledge hammer....
That would make an absolutely sic moving BMX/Skateboard ramp :)
I am not so sold on the design of the body for an everyday commuter car...but I gotta say we need more people like Elon Musk.  Twenty years ago electric cars were a joke, now its serious thing. Watch out Exon.  Just one more request Elon...When will you take us for an intergalactic trip?  Long live Elon Musk!
I don’t really care who wins first. I’m going for the best, and so far it’s the cybertruck.
Audience applauding the tail gate ramp as if they’ll ever use it.
I think this cybertruck with broken glasses will become the iconic tesla in the modern era. It's perfect!
Bruce Wayne: "Does it come in black?"
I lost it when the guy broke the glass twice 
There is a reason all trucks look similar    because they work well that way. For such a smart person he seems to have missed the form meets function of a pickup truck. If you release a truck to compete with the workhorses of the last 80 yrs it should be as useable. I cannot see loading the bed from the side so that takes away an incredible ammount of functionality .This should be competing with SUVs not true trucks .Its not there in function .Cant put a utility bed on it for work fleets. The reason trucks sell so well is people buy them for personal vehicles as well as company fleet vehicles .This misses that market totally . Not impressed at all had much higher hopes . This is an insult to real trucks by calling it a truck. This is for commuters and soccer moms not for anyone who truely uses there truck to work . I think in a few years when redesigned it has some potential .Make the bed more user friendly and get a desighner to give it some style .
pure genius~~~ finest man alive
I wonder next year will they announce model 3.2 like this? I think this is for those who need a car without design.
When you can beat the Porsche, then you've nailed it
elon sounds like me when i have to wake up at like 7 in the morning for school
That introduction alone should cost those people $1,000 damn that's another level 
Basically a team of engineers do all the work making these cars a reality and then Elon throws himself a nerd concert where he comes out alone and takes all the credit for it 
In one decade tesla has caught up to and in some ways outdone combustion vehicles' one century of engineering. Electric cars are still in their infancy and are only going to keep getting better, whereas combustion isn't really going to make much more meaningful progress as time goes on.
It's great video. Soon we should get opportunity to own it
11:57 when the video really starts
I love how casual Elon is, reminds me if Tony Stark lol
Somebody didn't show up for rehearsal...
It's all good, Elon has earned the right to do it any way he wants.
I wish he had went into the safety features. I am sure it has crash avoidance technologies but with the rigid structure that does not crumple to absorb energy you have greater risk of impact from the passengers to the inside of the vehicle and also the impact of a person's organs within their own body.
Even if the presentation was a disaster the truck is just insane if you check the stats and price
I think is pretty cool... I mean imagine painting it with your own design, lower it a little bit maybe, and plus all the features that it has.
Elon reminds me of iron man, just the way he talks, and all of that.
“... but glass is glass and glass breaks” JRE 
I'll wait for the next model which will double as a submarine as well!!!
Does this design help against radar speed traps?
the crowd gets so amazed so much
The fuel it took to make this truck, and clear the land for this venue, and the building, and all the people involved, and the coal burning and sludge produced from power plants, to make power to charge electric vehicles. Great going.
I started buying Tesla stock when I saw this on the news. The reviews were bad and I was wondering if they watched the same thing I did... Love it!
i love the fact that Elon swears when the ball breaks the glass
Holy cow, he's doing it!
I am watching this in 2022 and I just got done watching the semi-trucks now I'm watching your pickup truck. Here again a lot of people aren't gonna like this because they love the old pickups. New generation is gonna love it, but your older generation are going to hate it. We have to keep in mind people don't like change sometimes and I can see that this is going to be a change a lot of people are not going to like. I know for a fact a lot of people that own pickup trucks love their pickup truck. They are going to look at this and say no what the hell.
Meu pai compraria por 1mi se fosse necessário pra adquirir na coleção de carros modificados
It's sorta hard to look cool with your super-tough truck windows broken behind you. I feel for you, elon
I’ll never worry about door dings again 
the most entertaining presentation i've ever watched
he hit the pickup truck twice as hard as the cybertruck. i'd still go with the cybertruck easy - but that wasn't honest
This is the new car concept. Today all cars should be this strong for added safety.
A moment of silence for the engineers who lost their job after the glass break.
11:29 if you look closely the ball hits the glass hard enough to bounce the clamps off, allowing the glass to flex. Which could have something to do with it not breaking there as opposed to when the guy threw the ball at the actual truck window.
He laughs but he’s truly about to take all of our money. I’m so excited
I feel like a 4th grader just described what he brought for show and tell
If I was headed to the job with my tools and materials, I think I would rather have my F250 with a rack. If this is a truck, it looks like a city truck that is best for commuting to the office.
This could have really benefitted from a rotating stage. The Cybertruck looks pretty good from certain angles. The side profile is not one of them.
I love Mr.Tesla..

and the people POWER'll come to Rise...
this looks like a magic show more than a car presentation
I actually thought the Cybertruck was blurred out at first

Damn I was wrong
The glass man!!! That reaction too! “Let me try the back one..... nope still broke....” Well some ppl are getting fired! And rightfully so! In front of thousands of ppl dude! Lol
The cybertruck is fucking awesome and I'm absolutely getting one, but HOLY SHIT all the fan-boys in the audience are annoying, and Elon had so much potential to make this reveal a real production. He was super unprepared and clearly didn't even know what the powerpoint titles were going to say, I'm a little bit disappointed in his spokesperson skills
I can't wait to get it  :)
Man...This guy will build my car
People are mad at Tesla for doing something new as if they haven't been doing that for the last 10 years
The first part should’ve been...
“ For 100 years all trucks have been the same and boxy... now the Cybertruck is unique... it’s triangular...”
Hoooooo boy, Tesla has the worst audience for presentations
Man this mans got bulletproof everything! I can’t tell but I think he’s even wearing a bulletproof vest
This is what I call: Back to the future.
The glass part is a great marketing, so those who at the first time didnt want to see this video, after heard this fail, they will try to see this video..its really working!
Honestly I don't get why everyone is hating it genuinely looks good
Trully amazing and sustainable peace of advanced tech for bad roads, weather conditions, floods etc... Just needs a few corections about desing to look more agressive, smart, amazing, drastic and advanced such as Matrix LED interactive lights, sensors etc...

This kind of cars are the future, and Tesla company is the most innovative auto production company we have.

Good luck Elon, give your best to our race man.

Greetings from Western Europe, Bosnia.
Looks like by mistake happened something on wheels... With broken windows
He talked about the glass on Joe Rogans podcast. He said that because they hit it with the sledgehammer first, He believed that it might have chipped the glass inside the door panel in the corner, and so when they threw the ball, it cracked. He then said that The ball still didn’t go thru lol
You can hear how hollow that the cybertruck is the first thin sheet of metal than a stronger peice of metal on inside
Its a BEAST!!!!!
Bulletproof? Those windows sure look strong to me. The golden age of computers has produced another gem.
I’m already Saving money to buy this cybertruck in 2021!   Welcome to the future old man
Finally! A car that I can draw
Elons laugh just made me feel so evil ordering a Tesla Cybertruck!   06:47    literally my Laugh when i pushed the ordering button
The best thing about musk is that he tries something new. It may fail, but he at least presents something different.
I want one!!
If they made a more conventional looking truck, sort of like the first gen Honda Ridgeline with Tesla styling cues, they’d sell great.  The thought process and specs are great, but who would actually like to be seen in that thing?
What this test doesn’t show, is the glass window inside the F-150 door that would be broken from that impact.
11:58  The moment everyone is here for
6:45 , 6:58 , 7:02 : "Superman swing, and a hard hit"
7:17 , 7:31 : "Fully charged swing, but sissy ending"
Can’t wait for an Uber YouTube video with this beautiful beast!
respect to this guy, he knows how to cover up after a real fuck up!! Salute sir!! i will buy your product anyday
"The cost of electricity is much less the cost of gasoline."
Yeah, until no one is driving on gasoline and the cost of electricity goes up.  That's how supply and demand works.
This guy is nuts 
I love that Grimes was in the intro, helping the presentation
I'm very curious to see today's Ford F-150 Lightning reveal to see how it stacks up.
This is just the 1st cyber truck, it’s like the first iPhone or any smart phone they’re going to be improved over time
Supposed to have been available in 2022; now it's been pushed back to 2023. For $39,900? Really?
i actually love it!!!
im a huge fan of cybertrucks, i want to get one.
Is there a high poly count version. Looks like this was built from a lo res render.
i wont say anything about the presentation, i will say, that is a fucking awesome truck!
How long would it take to fully charge?
Your awesome Elon Musk!
Im not a fan of the electric only cars however I must say the way this truck is built is more durable than any truck on the market now... I love how the doors and panels are made of thick steel that does not dent. Quite an interesting concept. Cheers! & only 40 k$ that's affordable!
I’m happy to say that I used to work for Elon musk
I love it
Someone screwed up and forgot to install the bulletproof windows instead of proto glass. Easy Elon, not the end.
Stealth fighter crossed with a DeLorian...
Godd4mn I love that thing!
He’s such an awkward genius
I can sum up everything needed to be said about this presentation in one word: California!
Elons inventions are from 2100
Wow! Looks nice!!
Love how he keeps calling it tough. That's the closest thing to a pavement princess since that lifted Silverado down your street
Imagine you and the boys driving in the Cybertruck. 6 of you are in the car and the 7th dude is sitting on the ATV in the back, while it’s charging.
imagine being together with so many people at one place in 2020
This was done on purpose for marketing. It's something to talk about and it allowed him to maintain frame and have confidence in the product. He just brushed it off with a joke and and jumped straight into technicals. It worked well.
Ford actually had a electric truck before Tesla even was thought of in 1998 look it up it was a ranger and it didn’t look like a pinewood derby car
Elon musk in 10 years the Tesla electric flying car
so 80's I love it.  the glass thing though is ridiculous and painful to watch!
Finally a car that I can draw!
Thank you Elon !
Me gusta mucho esta página es una maravilla
Im here just to watch the glass moment
Moment of silence for Elon Musk
Elon took Homer Simpson's school of automotive design.  I do hope it has cup holders.
This hit was no way as hard on the Cybertruck
At least hit the Cybertruck with the same force as the door from the other truck.
Tesla failed a test and I still want it
Is it me or did that guy hit the regular truck door harder than the cyber 
truck?
Elon: Think outside of the box
Tesla Team: How about a box?
You just know that every time he looks at the smashed glass he’s saying “faaaark” inside ....
I love this stuff.
You can tell Elon got hella nervous after that glass broke
1925 the first truck 
1925 to 2020 = 95 years
1:42 100 years of the same
Incredible!
I’ll take a cyber truck and one of the 4 wheelers
11:54 is what you’re here for
This might work in Europe but if Tesla wants to make a impact on the truck market in a place like the US they are gonna need to at least redesign the exterior a bit xD It's a start though :) The glass was a issue in itself but I don't think the majority of truck buyers would care more about the issue of appearance than the glass at this point. Id say the cybertruck wins points for being beyond rugged though :3 Elon should have a huge bull charge the next iteration.
I’m surprised nobody mentions Grimes’ cameo 
I want a Tesla or truck just cause there like bulletproof and hella safe
Anyone else thinking of using the cybertruck to go on a hunt for skynet drones - gonna be epic!
elon musk is me while presenting my works
Elon musk reminds me of Harrison wells from the flash 
I want one with a 283 Chevy in it !
Just great Elon. I would have loved to have worked for you, just to bad your company is so far away from me and now at 61 years of age not much of a chance. Keep up the great work I used to have a 68 chevelle with a 427 in it had to sell it to pay my monthly health care now that I was forced to retire. I do enjoy reading and watching video's of all you do. Richard Kondas Johnstown Pa.
4:32 Elon" We start up with the Size.."
Einstein"Size Matter!.."
And you can say that peoples love Elon
Can you not have a model that’s acting as AI I mean come on this cyber truck speaks for its self. Love the new products, just think it’s gonna take more time for electric to be fully practical
Next time bring someone that can actually swing a sledge hammer
That was a dead blow sledgehammer with all the weight taken out of it and he was only hitting the cyber truck half as hard as the other truck door!
Once every year or so, some company tries too hard to produce something different and unique and ends up creating an Edsel.
wonderful introduction.
who else thinks that adaptive air suspension became standard right on the spot due to the windows hehe i'm probably gonna get it in a few years
Man I would not want to crash. How well does it dissipate impacts ?
I love Elon Musk because he is so awkward like me.
Can't wait to see this being used by my local police!!
Why there is so much hate on this video? Why dont you just appreciate the guy's work? This dude might be awkward in his talking but it's not the "talk" that counts. He executed his vision and that's all that matters. And I think this Cybertruck is Amazing, and Tesla is indeed the future.
The glass smashing was so awkward 
i should be doing my shitty school presentation instead of watching this amazing one that could probably change a lot of things
Woow new generation prototype
The awkwardness with the awesomeness is such a great combo lolol
I'd like to see a crash test with the exoskeleton. No crumple points might not offer much safety in a wreck.
Musk: "We also made an ATV."
Me: "Bring out the Mongoose."
This is my dream car when Im Dam rich yes my job is a business man
The glass breaking was deliberate, at least I believe that since mishaps always go viral, and giving this video more views.
Beast : i am indestructable car with bullet proof and other facilities. No car matches my strength.

Tesla : Hold my bear...
15:45 when my guy said "take my money!" I felt that
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho RKB8C
This literally sounds like the perfect jobsite vehicle.
Can't wait to drive this and wipe the floor with my friends in their precious f-150s.....
I can't fuckin wait to see these driving around. I'll be laughing my ass off every time I'm on the road
It's ok to have that glass breaks we all know that "failures leads to improvements"
I just upgraded to a push start and thought I was the fanciest  man in town
There is no truck more durable or capable than a Toyota Hilux used on virtually all 7 continents.  This truck looks good but hasn't been proven in the field. Just being tough is not enough. It has to be practical in the field.
They kind of had to make it bulletproof since they don't have side view mirrors
Thats such a good truck. The glass is shit but they are going to make it work. But its great
I'd love to see Steve Jobs to unveil this vehicle
S - Model S
3 - Model 3
X - Model X
Y - Model Y
C - Cybertruck
A - ATV
R - Roadster
S - Semi

boy, sexy cars
Yes people, we are living in a simulation.
Did anyone notice the positioning of the clamps on the initial Tesla glass test with the steel ball.  They unclamped the glass from the frame for the larger ball and at the higher height so the glass would bounce and absorb some of the impact.  Tricky tricky.
Finally a car that I can draw
Bulled proof glass was swaped by regular glass 
No problem Sir "Never mind, man learns from events only."If I ever get a chance to come to your country, I will be your strength by staying with you.
not to take anything away from the cybertruck i love it but that guy with the sledge hammer was holding back
Everybody else: 2020 next!

Elon Musk: 2202 next!
Is it just me or is this man gonna own the entire Motor vehicle industry?
That looks really good
This guy is the real life Tony Stark
He definitely didn't hit it harder lol.looks like that was the first time ever swinging a sledgehammer!
Elon: we need to be different 
Stranger: Go cyber!
The Cybertruck could replace the hummer H2 in the military
Even if you ever make another bullet proof window its still gonna shatter but not go threw
Finally a car I can draw.
Elon rules!
Man I've been waiting since like 2011 for this game
Tesla: presents cybertruck
After the reveal: "Yeah man, lets get this to the shop to fix the glass"
6:44 HARD 
7:16 not that hard,he is slowing it down am I right???
TESLA IS AMAZING!
The Grenadier, INEOS  new 4 x 4, could be run on hydrogen.
Tesla missed the chance to price the Tri Motor at $69,420.
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho US9WV
11:56 the moment you came for
This truck is like something straight outta the movie aliens.
To be honest that glass is much stronger than regular even with the failure regular car window will shatter and ball will enter
If 140k pre orders in the first 24 hours is a fail, then Tesla failed miserably.  I wonder how many ford mach e pre orders there were?

Funny how people keep saying the cyber truck mileage will go down drastically when towing, as if in a gas truck it doesnt do the same thing.  Im betting an F150 towing 14k lbs gets 10mpg at best....oh wait, the F150 cant tow 14k lbs.
11:56 is what you're here for
All the other brands brings almost the same stuffs, Elon's the only one guts. Respect. Love the truck.
But why Tesla removed the unveil video from their official YouTube account?
This reminds me of the time Homer Simpson designed a car...
Did the glass break because of the vibration the door got with the hammer before?
When this truck reaches 88 mph you're going to see some serious shit.
11:50 is the part your looking for
Exoskeleton... that's going to work great with 4 doors in the middle

Also anyone who ever has built something out of stainless steel knows theres no way they can build that thing for 40k
Stainless is expensive per pound and expensive and difficult to work with
I'll take the one with the broken glass for an even $38,000 thank you very much. Some people are afraid of doing things different because they don't want to offend someone else Elon just did that of course people will say something. I say offend people shock people don't play it safe be you!. Iam sure Ford,GM,Chrysler and others are offended.
That's what my cardboard derby car looked like when I was 8
It's like the Emperors new cloths.
Looks like something from a budget SiFi movie trying to look like the future to me.
Styling probably has more to do with how difficult it is to work the metal than an aesthetic preference. 
Time will tell how long the origami look will last.
you can tell he holds back from hitting the cyber truck than s norm a normal truck door
There was literally an F-150 ad right after I witnessed this vehicle pull an F-150 uphill
WE NEED SOLAR PANELS ON CARS!! Every time a car is "plugged in to charge" it is sucking up energy produced via coal, gas & oil. For the love of the future, why is this not out yet?!!? This car is literally all sharp angles / edges. It should (literally) be made of solar panels so it can "charge" as it drives then saves the energy in it's batteries for night driving while still allowing to plug in/charge in the event it needs it. But sheesh man... get on it. SOLAR CARS!  Edit: Also add small inner-built Wind Turbines on the sides with vents to add extra renewable electricity for the car. Between the wind / solar electricity powering  it, it may not be (fully) operational without being plugged in but will at least help off-set the need to be charged "as much" otherwise. And if you add all that saved electricity up from car to car... you get a hell of a lot of saving from coal, oil & gas burning in order to power said vehicle. LET'S GO future engineers... we need you! ️
Not a bad price!! I’m getting one
11:57
Dayyyum!!
I was rolling on the floor I screamed so hard omg lol
....if we raise CyberTruck roof-height (6") where rear-cab meets front-vault (C-Pillar/Cab-Joint).... while correspondingly raising the depth (not width) of the tailgate.... we increase rear-seat head room AND vault volume.... as well as sail pillar storage AND open-tailgate bed length.... while neither CRITICALLY decreasing structural triangularity nor SIGNIFICANTLY increasing difficulty of manufacture...(..Aspirationally..)... while with widely available graphic skills and drawing jigs.... Why.... One might mock this up in the mere matter of minutes.... giving us ALL.... thereby.... a look at the triangle wrangling redesign that increases function while moderately modulating manufacturing mayhem.... y'see...(..RSVP..)...
His inspiration for the cybertruck was the Homer, from The Simpsons, He nailed it.
I really like the tesla colour and Elon musk
He didn’t hit the Cybertruck door hard like the regular door.
When is Tesla making it's debut in India?!
- Hits the Cybertruck


- YOU HAVE 10 SECONDS TO COMPLY
him: we need some thing different 
me: yes we need a wedge of steel cheese
This only broke because the glass had been low frequency stressed by the early impact.  This is not a real world simulation.  You have 2 difference impact frequencies that would never happen in real life under such a short impact to weight ratio.  All Elon needed to do was reverse the truck
This is so unplugged mono analog uncool as can be...soulless
Tesla is amazing, they made a legal tank (without the guns of course). Any car hit's that is so f'd. Should come with a flame thrower
39.900 .well worth it
In all honest he swing hard but slowed down when in impact
12:30 Back grounded by a badly drawn truck with broken windows, Elons fumbling post smashing is  a despairing and uncomfortable watch. I feel like the roof line just might echo  Teslas success moving forward with this.
I dunno. The Armor Glass was bigger, therefore having more space to dissipate the impact of the ball.
I need one of these. Yep...
This guy really needs to get someone to do his presentations....
I guess a 1970's sci fi style truck is cool today.
1:07 someone just shouted terminator...lol
1:19 Hi Dad ;)
9:06 Take my money ;)
I think that when Franz used sledgehammer to hit the door, the windows were cracked and that is why the balls were able to break the glass.
2:18 was the funniest thing I ever heard in my life lol "GO CYBER"
as you can see clearly when the sledgehammer test started the dude slowed down when he was hitting the tesla cybertruck
Damn, Ellon Musk needs a designer urgently! :)
Ok, so yes, its a test car, things like this happen, but 2 windows in a row, someone tried to make Elon look bad, that im 100% certain of. This has nothing to do with hitting the doors.
elon musk: inhales
audience: wooo yessss!
Never knew Musk struggled with speeches and presentations....
elon: brings son onto the stage to show audience


audience: SHOOT IT
11:58 EPIC.
12:19 LEGEND ~
Elon: franz, can you break this glass?
Franz: yes. (Breaks glass) you told me to.
It is showing us to new creation. Elon great idea.
The Car Looked Like The Lego Car I Used To Have When I Was A Kid...
cant wait to see the cop cars that are cybertrucks and will literally never loose a chase.
"Modern cars, they all look like electric shavers!"- Marv
I want to 
Made like this man
even a delorean from back to the future looks better than that supposedly futuristic barrel ;)
i have a tesla right now so i have a nice car so i want a cybertruck
Every rapper finna have one of these in their music videos lmao
TFL already has a performance test on a Tesla model X towing at maximum capacity. It's not logical. Cuts the range to less than half, then you need to charge for an hour. Basically drive for an hr then charge for an hour. Adding weight to electric vehicle effects it's range significantly more than gas vehicles. 
Electric vehicles are better suited for inner city passenger transport. Leave the truck stuff to the people who have done it the best for 50yrs.
Glass: fails
People: ah yes, that was the plan all along
I love it
I really hope the EXO skin will be strong enough for the rolled stainless tubing ladder rack I’m gonna weld to it
He hit the cyber truck way softer.
Franz can you please try to break this glass....sure hold my beer.
What is the life cycle of the batteries? How much to replace them when they die? How much range will it lose year over year? What is the range when towing a heavy load, say 10k lbs? These are honest questions that truck buyers will have.
good thing I know the glass needs to be upgraded
I'm team Tesla
Muy buen video! Me gustó mucho QGWOU
Is it just me, or does the Cybertruck look like a pentagon?
8:40 sounded like the terminator when talking about shooting it: "We are in California, unfortunately"
I still say it was an ad in mind when the window broke, he didn’t really put the real window in it
Sustainable energy?  Does anyone know what impact it makes on the environment to create electricity that powers these trucks?  Electricity in and of itself requires something to generate it, e.g. coal, nuclear, etc.  Not exactly clean.
Dude wasn’t even hitting the truck like he did to the regular truck door ️
Elon just has to stand there for everybody to freak out
east or west Elon musk is the best️️️
0:38 The #1 mode of transport for a cyber girl 
"and we're here to pump you up"  Nice work,guys. 10.8 in the quarter....Seriously?
I wonder what the actual price is when you take away the electric vehicle subsidies we're all forced to pay
Elon musk is me from the future but he’s a different version of me who can remember his passwords and doesn’t have to reset it every time he’s gotta log in
Metric specs anyone? 
Top speed: 130 mph = 210 km/h. 
Range: 250-500 mi = 402-804 km. 
Payload 3,500 lb = 1588 kg. 
Bed Length 6.5 ft = 1,98 cm. 
Towing 7,500-14,000 lb = 3400-6350 kg. 
Ground Clearance 16 in = 40 cm.
The glass thing is so embarrassing 
If you're gonna bring out the cast from the Matrix, make sure you include Keanu Reeves next time
What an absolute shambles of an event!  I mean, I still want one... But man that was rough... 
The top speed is really low, other than that it is quite nice.
Finally a car i can draw
Stainless huh? Let's hope this succeeds better then Delorean. 

Actually makes sense now how angular the body is, as stainless can be difficult to form. I imagine this new alloy is just that more difficult too. Makes sense from a cost standpoint too. You have a truck less attractive then say a Rivian, but half the price.
Alright thats cool and all..but does it transform? Is it one of the autobots
03:56
"We are living in the matrix"
My right ear liked that.
after this, both CEO and the person who broke glass were fighting backstage
"Introducing.... The Homer!" *crowd gasps" Elon: "... I'm ruined!!"
did elon just predict cyberpunk 2077 graphics ? i love elon musk i hope this truck will be the greatest
Anyone notice that he used the side of the sledgehammer for the normal truck door and than the part of the sledgehammer that are suppose to use on the cybertruck.  Makes me think the top part might have been padded.
Cyber truck wow 
sounds like hes just coming back from a hangover after designing this car with glass that does...crack
Now try a F-150 raptor for the tow and a dodge demon for the quarter  mile
Elon is like a rock star who has put out some good records, but this truck has no appeal to any skilled tradesman such as; carpenters, home builders, landscapers, or construction workers.
Was there ANYONE who attended this event at least one of the tradesman I mentioned? What home builder would buy this? I like the idea of it, but it is just too abstract to compete with Ford/Chevrolet/Toyota and their full size trucks.
Bullet proof windows. what what if you get into a wreck and need to kick out the window?
I think Elon was really not prepared for his unveil. He awkwardly skipped important slides in the presentation. The person controlling the slide deck and animations jumped around to match Elon. I expect better from him. He was completely upstaged by the audacious vehicle behind him, and the shattered windows it sported. The reveal should have come at the end, with teased glimpses along the way as he broke down the specs and did market comparisons. A dismally bad presentation.
I'm here after the ford f-150 lightning unveiling just to be reminded what is true market disruptor
Some person in audience: "Hi dad"
Elon: "Hey :)"
Kyle from Because Science: LET ME IN THE ROOM
Anyone gonna address that Elon looked so scared that whole time? 
Damn the glass cracking was humiliating but it was a learning experience since he has now fixed the issue.
When I pick up my Cybertruck in Austin should I be dressed as a cowboy or cyberpunk?
What about towing a 4500 lb rv travel trailer? How good of range does the cyber truck have then? I know range plummets with heavy towing. Just how bad is it???
Next there gonna think of making a multi-million dollar spaceship car.
he's obviously never swung a sledgehammer.
Looks like a DeLorean, a Pontiac Aztech, and an El Camino had a love child. Like the 3 most failed cars in History that never caught on, all put into 1 design that again will probably never catch on. It's almost as if they really just wanted it to not work, maybe that's why maybe it's a huge scam for money I don't even know.
When I watched it pull out, I was waiting for my GPU to finish loading the textures.
Bro Elon musk is the living iron man
He’s so awkward I love it
From the back it looks like a Modern Bin - from the side it looks like a kids fantasy and from the front it looks like Honda - same as all other teslas look like Citroen - how can you like this thing - just my fear opinion - it looks like engineer did not finish his job and put it on the road
Someone in the glass department is definitely getting fired lmao
I don’t have time to see all comments and don’t know if this has been addressed about armor glass. Based on real world bullet proof glass, cybertruck armor glass works. The metal ball didn’t penetrate into the cabin.  Even if you fire handgun bullets at armor glass, the glass will crack and damage. The goal is to prevent the bullets from hitting the occupants. The glass then is replaced . There is no glass in existence that can bounce of bullets without damage. Only to prevent penetration to protect people! For those haters, check out videos of bullet proof glass demo.
You all understand that this is his way of writing off his version of a Batmobile as a business expense, right?
Am I the only one that notices that guy was holding back when he hit the cyber truck door with the sledge?
I love Tesla, but France didn't do as good a job on the cybertruck as he did on the regular truck door.
Elon is the Future personified.
"i think you threw it too hard"
Since it's the same material as the DeLorean, could you build a time machine out of it?
When Ever Given was stuck, Ford and Tesla should’ve shot a commercial in which they would attach each truck to an end, see which truck could move it...
I want the ATV.
The kid who said hi dad is a legend.
I love Elon but he seems so lost on this presentation XD
he is furious that the glass blew out .. its affected him thro the rest of the show ... that truck is something off a computer game its crazy
The glass breaking saved a ladies face in the front row . He should be thankful it would crushed his whole deal
Every frame in this video frame show he is the meme lord...
Homeless man points at a car 
Elon Musk: You're a genius and you are hired.
I love everything about this truck except the look. I've never seen an ugliest car.
cool looking car
Someone got fired, the slides were not synced at all lol
It's a good thing the glass broke otherwise you know people are going to be throwing rocks at it UNTIL it breaks.  I mean it's glass - not titanium.
Interesting design there, buckaroo. However, I think the "Armoured Glass" should need a little upgrade. Maybe add missiles? I don't know.
Pretty sure the broken glass was part of the plan - got EVERYBODY talking about the Tesla truck
This presentation was truly painful to watch. Musk seemed to be clueless about his own truck. He seemed kinda doped up. Doesn't everyone need a bullet proof truck ? The styling reminds me of a Delorean. If you remove the bullet proof capability then the truck sells for $ 39.95 !
When the car gets hit with a sledgehammer u can acctually see that the glass is cracked
" We wanna conserve Energy", yea right... conserve the product cost first
I kind of love how unprepared he seems. Like I know he’s prepared but something about just not giving a heck is so awesome.
notice the guy is using way less force when hitting the cybertruck as oppose to how he was nailing the shit outta the truck door
Tesla: Cybertruck is invisible 

*Toyota hilux has entered the chat
The cyber truck is even more thicker armor than the Ford f150.
39k? That be less than a model x
“Transparent metal glass”    A.K.A  Aluminum oxide..        It’s existed for decades, just for the record.
Ellon said " i don't know the reason it   break for some weird reason, we can fix it in a POST"

well whoever incharge for that glass installation,designing or etc that reaponsible for the glass might be fired. lol
Its already bullet proof  so a black version with dark tinted  windows  makes it pure Gangsta.
If he didn’t do the glass test at 11:35 he could of played of the shattered glass on the car
i could just sense the amount of F's in the chat when the glass smashed
“How much does this monstrosity cost?”
this car is just about as bulletproof as my mom honda oddesy
Still slightly disappointed he didn’t hit the cyber truck door as hard as he could have
Elon: not the best presenter but great innovator. The wedge design is early 90's. Where do I mount the ladder rack? Is Elon contracting with the US military (DOD)?
Finally a car i can draw
DOPE ASF!
This car has an out-of-this-world design.  I think a car with this design should fly, but it can't.  Then the design needs to be changed.
His face went from 
Maybe Musk intentionally put the wrong glass in the truck so that it would make waves in the media and get people to watch. After all, that's why I am watching.
so if thats how the actual glass behaves, what was the panel that they showed in the previous test, with the ladder and the tube.
In my mind, i already ordered it even thou my bank account can't afford it right now. I will in the future. Idk
Doesn't it need at least 2 mirrors for it to be street legal.
Hero of 21st century! Someone did dirty to him in this but as we know he is not a regular guy he is ELON MUSK!!!
Looks like a pixelated truck from Nintendo Nes era
I feel like Hans wasn’t going full speed 
This felt painfully awkward after the glass broke.
there is no way in hell he can keep that 40k promise when a model 3 these days cost way more. there is a lawsuit waiting
Who remembers the on stage Windows 98 demo and the dreaded blue screen of death?
This guy is on fire
A genius that doesn't know how to speak in front of a lot of people 
He just stutters all the time lol
My observations.
Positive:
- Full of extras
- Full of innovations
- Low using cost
- High perfomances
- Very unique
- Very affordable price
- Elon is a bright mind


Negative:
- The presentation of Elon is not fluent. He need training, and better preparation
- Awful look of the car 
- Questionable practicality of the bed
- About the glass accident, I'm sure Elon will find a way to improve it. I still wondering how this happened? Do they test it with the same conditions before presentation?
I just wish Elon had done this on April 1 :-)


#MetaTroll
cybertrucm looks like a 5th gen video game car
All Ellon had to do is make his truck out of hemp like Henry Ford. Hr didn't have to make it out of new metal.
Elon musk visionary
That guy has no idea how to swing a hammer.
The beginning reminds me of Jim's Sabre Pyramid presentation off the office lol!
I haven't seen anyone pointing out the storage space in the triangle running from the passenger window down along the bed of the truck.  You can see it in one of the stills here in the video.
That addresses an "issue" people have brought up with not being able to access stuff from the side of the truck.
I’m literally a truck driver 
Left Ford F-150 
Middle ram 1500
Right Chevy Silverado
If you need a heavy duty truck that will survive harsh conditions, this is the one to go for.
Next time put the window test at the end my boy 
Every ad during this video was a Ford ad... they’re scared
Did anyone else notice that the video of the drag race was cut as soon as the Cybertruck pulled ahead?
The origami truck is here! I just wish they made it in a two door shortbed.
Ummm Truck shown is Prototype of the $70,000+ model. 

Anywho, No one that's worked in Industrial Fleet Maintenance will touch it with a 10ft pole. We know how short the lifespan of Electric Motors and Batteries is, even in Industrial Heavy-Duty equipment. In 5yrs most Cybertrucks, will be Yard Ornaments in the Tall-Grass. xD
If Jobs made the presentation it would have been incredible. Musk is a genius but he just doesn't have he polish and timing.
you hit the door first it made the window light that is why it broke
11:56 for glass fail
It`s hard to believe It`s going to be the actual production vehicle. Looks like that one was drawn by a 3 year old. Probably just a prototype.
"Franz, could you try to break the glass ?" Pshtssszzz... Almost silently: "Pick your stuff on the way out, You're fired"
Guy: Shoot it!

Alabama Musk: Hold my banjo
Elon: wow, this presentation is going well

Cyber truck windows: ima end this mans whole night 

Presentation crew: allow us to introduce ourselves
He didn’t take the hardest swing at the cyber truck
"Truck" Good luck hauling anything with this. 

"Bulletproof",  no such thing.
Imagine that glass example was Elon's new bullet proof vest. Guess the test subject wearing the vest during the demonstration would be a dead one huh? Oops! Don't know why it went through the vest this time. LOL
He has good marketing
I very like his an experience.
I am from Laos 🇱🇦 of Asian. Elon Musk is my idol.
can i use the glass for my screen protecter
Retired member, Society of Automotive Engineers here - let's look at this from a different "ANGLE" 1. NO compound curves - very expensive to mass produce compound curves in metal (think about it) Slab / Flat panels are much cheaper (roll flat and cut) plus NO FRAME COSTS 2. Metal for the body is the same as his Space Crafts - very costly to make in small batches - so pre order enough trucks and the metal cost goes way down for BOTH projects  3. Power Pack / Drive Platform / Electronics are all re-purposed proven pieces of already produced equipment (no R&D to recoup) 4. Once metal costs drop this will be a HIGH PROFIT VEHICLE. As form follows function, we have CYBERTRUCK. Thanks for your video...
Whover installed those windows got fired 
40k buys you a Land Rover is all I `m going to say
So is my radar signature smaller and I don't have to obey speed limits?
Perfect for a Thunder Dome Yuppie
Elon: Moves Finger 0.000001 of an inch
Audience: WTF HE IS A GOD! WHOOOOO
“Laugh all you want, but ill be the last to laugh at the drag strip”
Introducing the Tesla Laboratories Cyber-Suppository.
Thinking there is a hidden agenda behind this whole presentation....
Elon musk is tremendously cute and deeply loving daddy and this shows in all of his prototypes.
Oneday he will create an IRON MAN SUIT!!  And we are gonna get a real life IRON MAN!!
Esse carro parece aqueles carros do GTA vice city
This truck is TOO rad.
Great tech, wish it didnt look it that...
Pre. Production glass was still in the side windows Elon you know wanted to kill someone hahaha
Imagine u saw the cybertruck and elon just pulls out a glock and shoots it. Then says, Didn't break
isn't the point of a truck to be functional? loading a couch into that would be a pain in the ass... Next they'll make a Cybervan (that is literally a cube with doors and windows) where the children get in through the roof, and be touting it as "different"
he was holding back while smashing the cybertruck door
He barely put any force in hitting the Cybertruck door.
ive never heard the announcer of a new car say "lets shoot it"
can we hear the Scottish guy yelling "shoot it" at 12:41
They stopped making thick heavy duty metal bodies a long time ago because the shock transfers through and kills the driver and passengers in an accident. Today's cars crumble because they are designed to, to save your life.
If I were the designer for this car I would have looked at the Lambo Countach and Aventador ( or Sesto Elemento) for angular design inspiration. Why? Because Lambo has figured out how to implement a LOT of angles while creating a futuristic look without making the car look too wedged (I don't really mind the wedged shape). While the Aventador has more angles than the Countach its design still comes out "smooth". The important thing is even if you hate the look it cant be denied the HUEVOS it took to do this.
Some will put a V8 in one of these lol
Its different but gaudy and not really what I would consider a nice looking truck. It looks cold and dangerous (literally) and not the least bit classy or elegant. I wouldn’t want to get into it every morning.
Thanks elon now i can draw a car
Perfekt car for my future robbery.
There is a good reason the pickup truck has looked the same for so long - WE THE PEOPLE WHO BUY THEM LIKE THE WAY THEY LOOK.  If Tesla makes a truck that looks like my Tacoma, I might buy it, but i will never buy that ugly thing.   Total Recall 1980's hard lines are pleasing to me a baby of the 80's but for some reason they got this all wrong when it comes to looks.
You guys remember those 1980s sci-fi B rating movies? The ones where everything looks futuristic and talks about what’s wrong with the world. The ones where it gives an idea that was supposed to be the solution, but became a disaster. I’m not saying history repeats itself buuuuuttt... 
Actually , Price slide may be changed after glass is broken
how many, local to you, technicians are out there that will repair a Tesla Cybertruck? My guess is 0, if they do exist, the few that do will charge you half the starting price to fix... and what is the expected shelf life???  This is a step in the right direction but the worlds infrastructure and people who fix things are a fucking long way from being ready to truly make this reality and affordable.
why would they have not tested the glass offstage first?!?
9:06 “Take my money!”
They blew up their own spot breaking the glass. Elon looked pretty fucking embarrassed... seriously,  did they not test that gimmick beforehand?
The fact that he has to finish the presentation in front of the shattered car is so awkward
me getting scared of the glass but forgetting hes rich and can just get new glass
“Hi Dad” hahah that got me!
They really should have gone with some flicker free lasers
11:27 ......woah !!.....are you serious ?!?!?!
I'd swear ol' Elon's been tootin some Peruvian Marching Powder... he sounds exactly someone  who did a couple rails and suddenly gets a hundred "ideas".
You don't even have to get a personalized plate that says; "DOUCHE"  It will be suggested!
elon musk makes mistake by breaking the tesla cybertruck glass but thats ok elon didnt fake perfection hes honest
Musk needs training with public speaking or at least have someone do it for him.
The guy from the bulletproof glass had one job  #you'reFIRED 
welp i know what im driving if the purge ever happens. lol
I have a feeling that his employees were angry on him and they installed a normal glass not a tesla armour glass.
Every word a celebrity says ONE word everyone starts cheering.
It’s almost 2022 and still no new updates on this truck
It has the same styling as a 1980s DeLorean. Just making your truck LOOK deferent isn’t making it better... just ugly. The future would never look like the 1980s musk... The truck in the future will be Asymmetrical NOT MORE symmetrical, or will almost be more complex as new tech is invented for the construction of trucks. Your truck is a BAD movie prop. Everything else about the truck is amazing.... I love that.
11:57 min. "Please try to break this glass!" :-)
these looks like the entrances that you make in Wwe games.2:50
I don't know why people are freaking out...if you look like a normal person, it's not even that out of the world, it's just big.
"100 years of the same."  Golly gee Mister Musk. I never knew the 1919 Model T Ford and the 2019 Ford  F-150 were the same!!!
He hardly even hit the cyber truck
Elon was nervous. Poor guy
R u joking this random guy really hit hard the cyber truck?? 
Elon:   . 

The audience: ELON YEAH ELON WOOOOO
Elon has proved to you AND himself, that you will buy ANYTHING; that he puts his name on.
Can't wait for the full release of this movie
Wait a minute... did that truck with auto pilot just get driven on stage?
It’s a futuristic Delorean on steroids and I love it!
One other thing I would like to say is you will be judged with the first serious accidents that happen with these vehicles. Seriously you will be blamed, it won't be the drivers fault it will be your fault you just wait and see.
Why is he talking like if he didn’t even know what was on the presentation
Other truck companies : heres the 2020 bubbleboy with 4 more miles per gallon, heated driver seat, towing compacity of 4 and half planks of waterlogged wood, its louder than my cousin when I tickle her tackle box, comes with truck nuts and it's got am radio STARTS AT 69,999!

Cybertruck: ever wanted to drive a razor sharp bulletproof supercar battle tank across the solar systems harshest environments in the finest luxury usually reserved for million dollar sports cars while avoiding gunfire from evil space corporations? Well now you can with 5 other friends, a quad, and a few "not" a flamethrowers. Starts at 39,000. Dont just think bold...think sharp TESSSSLAAA
It's best to throw the ball first before we smash the sides with a hammer.
the flames in the backround were not made with electricity i suppose
conclusion: combustion is cooler
He should pay his employees more money since they are making him billionaire by making his cars
I wonder how many people got the boot after that 
This is like the Lamborghini Diablo
People buy pick-up trucks because they like the way they look, half of them don't even haul anything, they want a pick-up that looks like a pick-up.
I'm sorry, but this reminds me of "The Simpsons" episode where Homer unveils a car that he created for his brother that ultimately had bankrupted him 

-Simpsons did it.
"I did say a few years, didn't I?" - Howard Stark
The glass break is a troll. Brilliant marking.
Looks dope
Elon: Shows price and says nothing




Audience: "WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Elon is a solipsist but did not act like one when the window broke. It was real to him.
The truck looks like it was built to avoid radar detection lol.
If you buy this car, you don't need insurance for it.
Except if your glass breaks.
Franz is too OP. He needs to be nerfed
The glass is basically metal
15:17 Yep it was up hill lmaoo
When I see one of these in the oil fields of West Texas then I’ll call it a “truck” !!!  Until then, it’s a “cyber thing” !!!
Aside from him choking after the glass broke it’s not a bad truck
Yo if they make a dirt bike I'm in
Just imagine if Steve jobs were presenting this.... it would have already become the best selling car on earth even before going to production!
7:18 that was "hardER???" WTF??? Yeah, we are all stupid and can not see that that was not a real hit. Let me try... and see what that door looks like after 
Elons Audience: WoW, Yaay, Oohh, whistles
Ford 150 s audience: A manly sound for sure lol.
The more I look at it the better it looks tbh
it may tow a pile of weight but its bed is tiny and shaped badly for hauling real world items in the bed, anyone who has ever delt with air bag suspensions  knows they are a money pit, they rupture, leak and then burn up the pumps costing 3-5k to repairand on a tesla double that. they boast a great range but whats the range when hauling just half of the load capacity? whats the weight of the truck? will it be considered heavy and face extra taxes? I really like the body material and strength ideas but comparing it to a regular F150 pound for pound im betting it weights 2x as much + awd vs 2wd so i say let it try and pull a truck that boasts the same tow capacity like a 3500 series with 4 wheel drive. Now for a real world situation, Ho does it handle water, mud, snow etc? will the electronics fail when exposed to wet passengers? or if water gets in to the motors etc when it gets buried up to the windows.
"And the people bowed and prayed to the neon god they made"

-The sound of silence

All these people worshiping Elon makes me sick.
Im gonna have nightmares now. Its not fair for a gas or diesel truck because the Tesla Cybertruck puts all the torque to the ground as soon as you hit the pedal, bow about you put a 2018 or 2019 GMC Sierra  3500 or Chevy Silverado 3500 and lets see who wins that
I think at first hit in the glass,After hit the car door.
2:18 the dude said go cyborg 
When your a genius, you tend to stutter a lot. Albert Einstein had the same exact thing happen to him.
notice how down the suspension got when atv got on it XDDD
I wonder how much pollution these car produce in the making, Especially with the hard steel and stuff?
This guys ideas and products are amazing. To think that something like this comes at a price tag of only $39,000 for a single is insane!
Elon Musk is the Real life Tony Stark
Why Tesla channel doesn't have the full unveil video ? I'm looking for original video
He had to be so pissed off when that took place. But along with everything else, it takes failure to gain knowledge.
What a joke, you saw the way the glass broke it’s not bulletproof, that’s Ford’s week his truck, and we have no idea if that was a fair or honest test. Mr. Tesla here looks like he’s high or drunk or taking this thing as a joke and laughing not because it’s successful, these numbers are really not tested yet this is a prototype car. The one thing I think is this vehicle looks cool as hell I love the look of this truck and the concept and he’s right we need to go electric truck if it has power and towing capacity and payload. More trucks are sold in cars those numbers are right and he is on the right page but if he can honestly do all this for 39 $900 well he may be onto something
Nice car
I wonder if Ironman was based on Elon Musk? Obviously they added a lot more arrogance but its basically him. Elon is trying to save mankind and if anyone can do it, it's him.
the absolute step back. and the most arrogant way it got offered.
"Take my money"
"Year you're welcome"
The way elon talks is just me in every class presentation
Everything about this presentation is hilariously bad and amazing at the same time.
Cybertruck critics: "it's not a Ford"
Cybertruck: "$39,900"
I feel like after this incident, Elon personally put the glass engineers behind the windows and shot it with an M4 to see whether they keep their jobs
cybertruck perfect
I really only watched this just to see Grimes 
What are the mechanical properties of "Ultra-Hard 30X Cold-Rolled stainless-steel"
Is that an official alloy anyway? If not, what is it's real name?
Where’s the crash test? What’s going to happen to the other car it hits? Where do you get the parts for this and how much they cost? Who makes tires and the cost to replace them? Glass shouldn’t break? What if you get stuck in accident and someone needs to pull you out but can’t break glass? This is a cat in bag with more questions than answers.
bakalan jdi replika termudah nih di indonesia
Aren't modern cars and trucks designed to "buckle" during car accidents to dissipate the collision, i.e. they are designed with "crumple zones" that actually have led to lives being saved? Why are we going backwards and designing steel "tanks" like those of the 1950's, 60's, and 70's?
O crap I almost forgot we made an atv to go with it
This is like a 
Cheesy 80es sci-fi movie mix in with Chris Angle like stunts and the sound and looks of Cyperpunk 2077
If you could get one when and if they come out, I would bet you could make some money at Barrett Jackson in future years. Buy one and stash it away because I doubt they will be making too many of them . JMO though.
Musk please get better ideas like...greening deserts, planting trees, cleaning the oceans...and so on!
What is the background theme/music called? Its very nice and futuristic
Mount a machine gun on the back and you got yourself a Halo Warthog
Literally any other presentation of a new product is just some rich dude coming out and showing you stuff on a screen, not Elon tho
hahaha my goodness...that's quite a truck...i'm not sure about that appearance though...
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
I guess the director of the next dystopian hellscape movie doesn't need to custom build his storm trooperwagens. 
 I bet our grandchildren will be taken away,  kicking and screeming,  by future versions of the cybertruck..
Elon: This truck can handle a hard hit to the glass
Cybertruck: Ha, bitch you thought.
What's cool about that truck is you won't get robbed on a gasoline station
first time i see it i think it was ugly but it grow on me
Tagged the failure Thank me later @11:55
Everyone is on their phone rather than just enjoying the moment. How sad is our society? I wish i was in the '90s again when technology did not rule over us.
My question is, crumple zones.  What if Cybertruck A hit Cybertruck B... if the body is so tough, what is the net result at 10mph, 50mph, and 140mph?  Does Cybertruck crumple?  It doesn’t seem to have bumpers, but it has to in order to be street legal.  So, what is what, and how does this thing breakdown, literally, when crashed?  I’ll do some research.  peace
Elon Bhai 
Well...Elon must be getting speech lessons from Trudeau....as this was as hard to watch as anything Trudeau says
That glass bit was very embarrassing
0-60 3 seconds.11 second 1/4s
You see how after the glass was cracked he kept looking back to it during his presentation yes he was pissed
In case of Apocalypse
Step 1: Get some snacks
Step 2: Grab the family
Step 3: Drive Cyber truck directly through war zone to safety!!!
3:09 look's like not eco friendly
Elon Musk = the Most Genius human alive
12:29 this is literally howard stark in captain america: first avenger presenting flying cars
I'll stick with Ford.
I came in hating but honestly this is probably concept at best and 40 for a bullet proof truck is awesome. Who cares if glass breaks or cracks. It will stop a bullet.
If you crash the car the battery will start burning for quite some time and no fire brigade will be able to extinguish it. Look what happened to a Tesla car accident in Austria this month. They were unable to dispose the remains of the burned out car due to the unknown substances created in the burning battery which had to be classified as unregulated hazardous waste.
It looks like a truck from miniclip games
Elon has such a awkward crowd speaking voice 
Gave me anxiety just listing to him talk
would be nice to have a version without this crowd on coffein
Fiat: Our Multipla is the ugliest car!
Tesla: Hold my beer 
That glass and sledge hammer presentation made stock go down
Aside from all the gimmicks and stupidity they pulled the truck looks great...
I was watching the movie "Total Recall" and saw cars that looked like the Cyber Truck.  LOL  Tesla's designers copied the design from an old movie.
Elon has shot presentation skills. Don't believe me? take a shot everytime he stutters and you'll be out before the glass breaks
Yes but is there a cup holder?
I stopped getting excited over lasers after the 1980s...
The definition of AMAZING is FILLED WITH ASTONISHMENT AND WONDER,that's what Jesus THINKS ABOUT YALL 
Plot twist. Franq signs with the SF Giants as relief pitcher.
Elon don,t break windows :)
Good cringe show with your fan boys as your audience.  What a wonderful event about how geeks with their digital waifus who can't swing plastic hammers, speaking impaired engineers who should stay in the back until they learn how to communicate, and cheaters loosening the glass pane to prevent breakage.  However, the truck has a good design premise and price if you can pull it off but man..., Tesla, you need to work on your polish in all kinds... of ways.  This is coming from an engineer - e to e^2.
Bateu muito mais fraco na porta da Cybertruck, vsf kkkkkkkkk
"hi dad" Elon: "hey"
Damn these stats are insane
That’s hands down the fugliest truck of all time!
Buuuuuuuut, it is awesome!
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
The thumbnail of this video should be “ Elon Musk indirectly roasting Ford F-150”
I still would never buy a Tesla death trap
It's such a shame, that Tesla has very cool products, yet it's CEO just sucks when presenting it to a crowd. Movement, gesture, facial expression, building tension, telling a story - these are not his skills, sadly. I don't want him to become the next Steve Jobs, but I really hope he will improve on stage ...
hate to be a KILLJOY, but it sounded like he said the cargo bed is only 6.5' long ? That's 1.5 ' short of standard 2"x 4"x 8' lumber and lumber will hang out the back?  So will a 4 x 8 sheet of ply wood or 4 x 8 plaster board ??
thought it comes reversing 
As much as I am a big fan of Elon Musk and the cars he produces ..this truck looks more like an armored personnel carrier....I have to go with the Rivian Design it seems more practical to me....sorry.
He drove into the CyberTrunk 2021
7:30 he didnt even try it ️
Even if it had bulletproof windows wouldn't that be illegal? Because if a police officer tries to shoot out your window or a cyborg with a railgun would fail.
I love how he got awkward when it broke I hate rich people.
At 12:41 you can ear the voice of a Tesla shareholder.
This dude is so badass
May i take this opportunity Mr Musk and put forward an idea that would not only save you a fortune but also create a totally environmentally design that has no emissions and is a permanent power source not only for your cars but your planes and all other ideas that may come forward simply put a generator that is powered by a motor this in turn powered by a small battery cell or cells 24v should easily do the job, add the motor to a large alternator for planes this spun by the smaller motor will create a great deal of power which can be regulated by a step down transformer this in turn will give you ample power for your engines and also create non stop cars that never need charging its a very simple idea yet it works as ive played with this for some time, as the motor turns the generator it creates an output of power this can simply be modified to the correct current flows to supply ample power to any electric engine, just through simple redirection of the windings in an alternator or using a high output generator, i put this idea to a tesla salesman who really didnt have a clue about what i was trying to say to him but this idea will mean your tesla cars can run on their own current generated by the motion of the wheels as the car moves forward meaning you only need to propel the car by a much much smaller battery to around 10 miles per hour or slower if modified correctly and then the onboard power source takes over from there generating all the power for the electric engine and also keeping the battery topped up using the same current generated apply this to your aircraft and happy days youll save a lot of weight and space by this design and no emissions. Tesla was a clever guy no doubt but simple ideas sometimes win the day. Im no engineer nor do i have a clever brain but i know common sense and this is such a simple idea that will easily work if you look at what ive just said. PS if you make a billion or save a Billion can i please have some Many Thanks gary
Someone is definitely getting fired
The random one liner comments from the crowd are the best
If it really becomes bullet proof, I guess, a lot of very bad people are going to buy this. I want to see a movie on using this truck to escape after a bank robbery.
I remember first watching this and thought: WTF is this? You're joking right?
Pewds voice: "Its only 399k"
It isn't a truck, it's a van
0:50          XÆ A-12  Spotted.
Elon just casually announces egirls
Von Holzhausen severely pulled his punches with the hammer to stainless door, which kinda worked, if you enjoy WWE. Then he tried to throw the steel ball softly at the side window, whereas the script called for this test on the front windscreen ... ouchies, doublefail megacringe!

Still, with the features and price, CYBRTRK is destined for instant cult status. 
Rappers and landscape-gardeners will love this fugly beast!
This man is wearing a helmet full gear and a chest protector to put a quad in the back of a truck.
Lol wow
Glass shatters as to not hurt people.  Maybe there's a curtain airbag to stop that? Is the windshield the same? People not wearing their seatbelt would hit the window like a wall. Also,  the exo-skeleton; does it prevent the use of a crumple zone during a crash?  I'm lost on some things. Maybe I just don't know but if anyone does,  please explain!!!???
1:53 - 2:00
3:00 - 3:45
11:54 - 12:02
10:30 mark with the window demonstration. Is it possible the window break was intentional for free publicity? I am seeing a plethora of articles on my social media feed.
For best results, try Mutemath "Typical" at 2:50. YW
Elon needs a new marketing team.  No one really cares about bulletproof glass, there is nothing wrong with car windshields and it just doesn't matter.  The real problem is I am sure the ranges on these things are really a joke calculated under ideal conditions.  If you are towing 14000 lbs at 0 C the range will be 50 miles.  Same way my gas f350 gets 1/2 the mpg listed when towing.  99% of trucks don't do any work at all so maybe this will replace the f150 as a showboat piece.  The strongest selling point of this car is it is stainless steel and won't rust away in 10 years like every truck on the road.  I have been just dying for consumers to demand their 50k trucks be made out of stainless.  Why we tolerate paying 50k+ for a rust bucket is beyond me.  Maybe this will motivate and promote more stainless in the industry.
The glass broke because you have hit a hammer first that's why the cars glass get crack next time hit a ball first 
Rivian who?  Like the new Razr is the hottest cellphone out right now.  This by far is the hottest vehicle!  No competition!  Tesla nailed it again!
Rather buy a Chevy with a ford engine with a dodge transmission lol
elon is definitely sent here by aliens to save the world
sustainable energy? How in the world do most people think that Electricity is made?...... Fossil fuels! Mainly natural gas and Coal. Unreliable wind and solar make up less than 5% of the electricity generated. So that is something that has to be addressed before anyone, including Elon, can say sustainable/clean vehicles. Heck the carbon footprint of the batteries in a tesla is higher than what the average american car produces in its lifetime. With all that being said I do think that Tesla cars are awesome and I would love to be able to afford one.
11:18 Elon Musk should of have the "magician" throw the metal ball, clearly he's the master at faking it, the glass window had 0 scratch. Yeah, it just got so cringy after the glass shatter. Sure is didn't go through but now you can't see the road anymore. 
*Stuttering host + silent crowd = uncomfortable chuckle.
*plus what with the auto-flatbed open, why didn't telsa make "it" auto-flatbed close too? It's just common sense, but none here I guess.
*Imagine getting into a wreck and firefighters can't save you because the whole thing is a metal death trap, design to keeps you in. Bad idea for the public/citizens. 
*EXTREMELY GOOD FOR MILITARY USE THOUGH!! ELON MUSK YOU'RE SELLING THIS TO THE WRONG MARKET BRO. 
*I HOPE THIS WAS A "SKIT", YES OR NO. DOSEN'T MATTER, IT'S STILL EXTREMELY GREAT FOR MILITARY USE.
This may be worth it
Elon is so proud of his electronic Junk that's why he Drives a Cadillac Escalade
a cybertruck
for cyberpunk
My only thing once these are plugged into the wall that sustainable energy is still created from fossil fuels.
May  God protect you  from  your  enemies.Amen.
I really don't like how Elon presents. He looks as if I was put on a stage to present to thousands
What is the total weight max payload goose neck payload and trailer tow load weight capacity????
Nobody is talking about this stuff and this is the only stuff that matters in the truck world.   Have to compare it to ford somehow and ford leads in all the categories.  Can this thing compete in the diesel truck world 1 ton 350 and 450 class or is this a little eye candy that cant do any work like a lame gas half ton 1500 truck ??????
Tesla is a GREAT car-maker.  But because Tesla is good at one thing does not mean that Tesla is good at ALL things.  IMHO, Tesla is TERRIBLE at public presentations like its reveals.

First, Elon should not be the speaker.  He is not a good public speaker.  (Look how he fumbled and mumbled his way through the announcement of the Berlin-area gigafactory.) He should say a few words and then introduce a presenter with better speaking skills. (Gwen Shotwell, the head of SpaceX,  would be my choice.) Elon, know your limitations!!!!

Second, the stats on the truck should be reviewed first BEFORE the vehicle is brought on stage. By showing the stats when the vehicle is on stage, the audience is not focusing solely on the stats, stats that are going to either make or break the success of the vehicle.  Inform the attendees that as they leave the event they will be given a brochure with all of the stats, all of the important comparisons with other vehicles and with photos of the new vehicle's front, back, side and interior. 

Third, if you are going to have stunts during the reveal, have videos ready to cover any mishap that might occur during those stunts.  Since the reveal Tesla has released a video of a successful window stress test that occurred before the reveal.  That video should have been ready to show immediately after the window fiasco.  As an underwriter would tell you, do not assume that anything will go as planned.  (Better yet, if any stunt has any possibility of going wrong, do not include it in the reveal. You can release videos of any successful stunt later.)

Fourth, conduct the reveal in a venue that is more appropriate, not in a venue that is one step above someone's backyard!  Rent an indoor facility with seats. (Having seats is important because a lot of the attendees have flown in from all over the country and they are already tired before the presentation begins.) The reveal facility should have excellent audio and video capabilities. This reveal site should be as close to the test drive site as possible. 

Fifth, conduct a Q&A session immediately after the reveal presentation.   There will be a lot of people at the reveal who will have many excellent questions.   The Q&A session can be limited to one hour. 

Sixth, after the Q&A offer the attendees a nibble.  Something simple, like sandwiches and beverages.  (Tesla may do this already but I have not heard anyone mention it.)

Seventh, inform attendees at the reveal that as they leave the auditorium they will be given a piece of paper with their test drive priority number on it.  Inform the attendees that the numbers will be random.  This will eliminate the possibility of a geek stampede for the exit doors. This will also eliminate attendees from speeding from the reveal to the test drive site. The test drive priority numbers  will also make the process of getting people into the test drives much easier, since people will queue up by number.

Eighth, Tesla should provide buses to take the attendees from the reveal site to the test drive site and back.

Ninth,  conduct the test drives at a real test track or at least at a street that is more conducive to a test drive.  Make sure the test drives can be completed before twilight.    The current test drives look like the Tesla driver is fleeing a 7-11 robbery. 

These are just my opinions but if you want to be a first-class organization you should try to do EVERYTHING first class, even if first-class costs more.
“take my money” 
John Delorean called and wants his coke back.
He fr needs a publicist to lead these things, stg he makes these things so weirdly awkward with random pauses and incoherent information, and tons of stutters.
Why can't the assistants be innovative in fashion? Why the retro-punk-goth apocalypse look? Why Mad Max? Why not something refreshing?
TESLA REIGNS!
20:55 Why did people get so excited when he got that 4 Wheeler on that bed? They never seen anybody doing that before???
Last wish of a dying man..
I want to be buried in my Cyber Truck!!!
This presentation was an awkward mess lmao, but I like the truck.
I try to be a positive person in Life and not say negative or degrading things and I get your trying to be and look different but Come On YOU CAN DO BETTER THAN THIS!  Oh and Elon a few drops of glycerin will keep that Cotton Mouth away! Other than that at least your totally pushing for new and Amazing Innovations. I don't see any other Vehicle Manufacturer Blasting Off Rockets! You Should make electric wheelchairs and Bad Ass Prosthetic Legs and Arms, why because you can and a couple Million for R&D and material wouldn't even scratch your check book! Plus you can write some things off in April!   UPDATE...OK so after watching this 5 more times after my first viewing and also watching a few other videos on the CyberTruck I have decided that I Like the TRUCKLA that Simone Giertz and her Leet team did! J/K I do think that after Simone doing the Truckla, Tesla might actually do a Truck type Hybrid! I saw it while I was on a trip to San Francisco and was glad I wasn't driving because I did a Quadruple take. You know Elon saw the Truckla videos on here before the Unveiling and as a Joke he should have totally asked Simone if he could use the Truckla first to Freak the crowd out, (also as a nod to her)  which would have been Funny AF! In all seriousness the CyberTruck is Growing On me! Have a Good weekend YT!
...and I thought Apple fans were a cult (clarification, I AM a n Apple product user and certified repair tech, but I'm not an Apple Cultist, they're not perfect, NO company is...)

The Tesla fans sure seem like they're displaying a bit of cultish behavior here... ;)
and I do like Tesla, wish they were more affordable, I just don' get the rabid "fanboy" factions, for any company, really...

it's just a company, they make "stuff", it's NOT a lifestyle.
Did he say when it was planed to be produced?
Why is no one talking about Grimes being the hologram???
worker: Breaks the glass
Elon: hahahahhhaa…. Someone’s getting fired today
the windows were down, thats why the glass broke
He’s definitely a better engineer than a presenter. Lol
Im going to buy this with a green paint job and UNSC stickers all over the place.
SOMEONE PUT THE WRONG GLASS. HOW DARE THEY
what people wanted to see: a cool sleek pickup truck
what people actually see: a disappointment
he was barely hitting the cyber truck
11:54 thank me later
First thought besides how ugly it is, the dent resistant body even in a slow collision will transfer all the energy to the object being hit, such as your Grandmother.
These are the realities of our new world orders or the new Earth.  The whole world is going to experience the joy the heavens on Earth planet with new technologies.   This is the wisdom of God to let go the world of happiness. Congratulations to our great scientists. God bless our new Earth.
I like a glass tesla so hard
best anime intro
He knew about cyberpunk before any of us
the glass hahahahahahhahaha
That’s the design they went with?? I mean hats off to Elon because that’s the most functional truck ever built ,but it’s the ugliest truck I’ve ever seen.
Elon,  Weed are for times when you are not doing anything ( relaxing).  They are not to be use during product development. Go back to the drawing board and come up with “truck looking” vehicle.  You will crush the competition ( gas or electric) with the current power and range
Yep that sure is better than the new f150 sarcasm lol
“It doesn’t look like anything else”.  That’s true. No other truck company has made a pyramid vehicle. Good going Elon.
Can we please make this car a DLC for Cyberpunk 2077?
2:26 i hear "Elon" lol :D
Who needs a pickup truck that goes faster than a Porsche? Either you want a Porsche or you want a pickup truck.... two different reasons 2 different aesthetics, just not a pleasing functional truck bed. Or I am missing something and just don’t see it
Laughable.  Stunningly laughable.  On paper, Tesla should be able to produce a truck that instantly has a huge market.  Companies love saving money on fuel and maintenance, and showing their customers that they are green.  The S model, X model, and 3 look as good as any other car in their market, but this truck might as well be a wedge of wood.  It is seriously ugly.  And just as I thought that maybe it was just so practical they didn't have time to make it look pretty, they drive a 600 pound toy into the back, and the entire truck appears overloaded.  Speaking of being overloaded, Musk better stop with the weed while he still has a company!
The broken glass is a meme now
The pretty area approximately frighten because defense routinely yawn inside a classy twilight. unwritten, astonishing lyric
I cant wait for the crash test for the cybertruck. I feel bad for the wall.
Looks like a slapped together movie prop.
As soon as you hit the door the glass will break
He didn't think about a bullet going through the windows
Thing looks like a HUMMER GOT A DELORIAN PREGNANT
Anyone came back to this after Hacksmith's better half scale Cybertruck video?
finally he knows how to talk
13:08 i heard a sheep in the audience
1:19
Random person : Hi dad
Elon Musk : Hey

It's relatively cheaper for a Mars rover














Thanks for one like
2022


Elon shut up and take my  money
"Hi dad!" lmao
Reminds me of the Homer car designed by Homer Simpson
notice how on the ford door he hits it with the side f the hammer which is metal but when he hits the tesla he uses he mallet ye what a joke
Is the audience on Acid or something
soft hitting it
Anyone else feel awkward watching this?
I just came to see grimes do the intro
I'm wondering if sheep  gonna buy this mockery))
"Glass is glass and glass breaks"

-JerryRigEverything
I didn't know that they had a design center in the mental hospital.
1:07 “TERMINATOR!
It’s a cheap sci fi prop!
In 10 years time all trucks will look like this
That dude that broke the glass gonna get slapped by elon
just proves ppl will buy garbage...… and caught in two lies lol
That is one FUGLY vehicle. You'd have to pay me to take it never mind drive it
If its a truck why does he refer to it as a car?
Someone: TERMINATOR
Why does he have a bunch of Mad Max hipsters in the presentation. The whole thing looks jivey as hell.
the ugliest thing I've seen in my life and pestering the damn light at the led its really the worst light in the world
This is the most atrocious thing I've ever seen, it's so ugly honestly. Seriously people will buy this?
At 4:20 he says it doesn't look like any thing else, but it does it looks like a POS!
That was like watching an early episode of The Office.  Michael "Elon" Scott.  Just cringeworthy.
The solution to pollution is human extinction.
1 word UGLY! Like a child picking up a triangle and draw something with straight lines. This is devolution of car design
And this weird fugly thing is going to kill the F-150?  I don't think so.
I think this car is gonna be in cyberpunk....it is part if the name
That's the ugliest thing i have ever seen... Apparently they are on the leftard band wagon...
Seems like the future is coming...
How embarrassing the glass broke lmao
0:56 ELON ELON ELON ELON ELON ELON!!
f 150 was in 2wd and it is lighter with worse tires
He should put money in something different he gives me Edison feelings..making stuff that's already made..he took a cookie and put a cupcake on it..now it's making it seem all new
Is the audience on gullible pills of something geez.
This from a guy who wants us to believe he sent a car out into space. Come on...
I would raith the normal glass in my truck it's much stronger and cheaper
Ferrari vs Ford? Tesla would kill them both.
i would buy it in spite of the glass
oh wait , i saw the inside of it , its so boring  , nvm
why is the crowd mic'd who's decision was this I can hear every stupid bro comment
After the glass I’m now questioning the whole cyber truck 
Iffy tech. would cost more to repair than to buy a new one. I'll stick with an old 500 dollar ford or Jeep that i can repair easily.
This is the cringiest product reveal I've ever seen
Diesel all day baby
Created by His halfbrother ... Homer
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO we want oil we want drifts we want races but thing that we want the most is the "PAST"
Still feel bad for the glass
It's almost like he's embarrassed to be presenting it lol
A box type pick up
That truck is pig ugly lololol Big fail. I drew that truck when I was 6 years old lolololol
Atleast hes honest and you know the glass is able of being crack. We have better glass wtf.
Fucking legend
WOW HARD CRINGE AFTER THE DEMO AND HOW ELON UNRAVELS
the glass broke because its a glass. at least it didn't go through
he was nervous as helll
This guy can’t present at all.
Wow!!
That’s not even a sledgehammer that’s a dead blow
It only looks like he didn’t prepare or practice for this it only, the presentation was poorly dilated out and poorly delivered
1.2K dislikes are the GM petro lovers losing their momentum of their loud ass trucks to make them seem manly.
Sod the truck, give me cybergirl!
Audience is cringe.
so does the atv come with the truck
Absolutely without a doubt hideous!
.
Glass failed elon was embarrassed when the glass broke
11:36 CRINGE xD
Problem with Tesla imo is they are trying sprint a marathon before they can crawl...
15:23 That video looks like a fake video... The cybertruck looks like it can't pull a Ford F-150 with ease like Superman pulling an F-150!
Can I get one of those lol
This Crowd Man!
Tony Stark making the world presentation of his pick up

At you consideration...  The cybertruck!
Need A Favor ~ Can everyone Send Elon's Team a question ?  SNOW Blower 
Attachment for the truck ? Electric driven ?  For the Northern  people 
who work ~~~
It looks like a unloaded car in GTA San Andreas...
Does it come in black?
dude is like tony stark in stark expo
1:20 
Random dude: Hi dad
Elon musk: Hey
Elon musk's mind: * endermen noises *
The truck's bullet proof window and his public speaking could use some improvements.
ITS THE NEW TRUCK VERSION OF A DELOREAN
is this some kind of magic show.
4:37 : size does matter!
Ya but gas stations are quick and u can go again with in minutes the cyber truck is cool and all but takes alot longer to charge it pretty big inconvenience
Don't you mean Ultra-Hard stainless-steel "people killer truck"
This man is our Einstein
Not even hitting the cybertruck as hard as he his that ford door.
Is it made out of rocket material
My first truck will be CB truck
Elon forgot to turn on the Ray Tracing
1:12 science fiction vibes
the car i can draw
13:06 lol he was about to say bullet proof, but hes like fuck after the glass i guess i cant.
"Shoot it"!! Lol 12:40
Mysterious guy conspiracy
@2:30
Guy shouts:yes elon 
@9:05
Probably same Guy shouts: take my money
@9:53
Same guy: shoot it!
¿will be the new Hammer ? i hope not.
4 years later tesla cyber plane
I love to us thing lie soo much, Soni live in Jamaica in the Caribbean and my parents don't own a car or any vehicle of the sort and I would love for them to get one of these.... I'm praying bro
tesla roadster is totally faster car
ELON MUSK; ''I want to build a sustainable future, LETS BUIL A METAL MACHINE FOR EVERY PERSON''.............
"Transparent metal glass"?
...you mean Plastisteel?
It looks like something off Total Recall
Tesla Glass be like poly carbonate
Elon that’s some a engine truck
What if an EPM GOES OFF?WHAT HAPPENS?
i feel like he’s not that used to speeches
me: IS THAT A TOBLERONE !?!??!?
oww poor elon his so akward and nervous when giving unveillings events and the glass shatters
11:53 glads break.
He hit the demo truck door so much harder than the cybertruck was a lode of shit
i cannot believe that this was actually 2 years ago!
you know someone got fired over this broken glass
Reveals price @ $39k

Everybody: wooo! I can get it easily no problem! 

Me: at this rate i'll have to save until 2030 until I can get one
This guy with the hammer looks exactly like James Van der Beek 
I feel like this would have gone better if they didn’t present it as such a serious thing. “CYBERTRUCK” like bro you took that shit straight out of Mario 64
9:23 Ford got owned  hard
He's a mad man
Soooo.. who lost their job because of that glass?
Honestly I think he minute break on purpose for the Memes and free advertising
Happy Live in Earth like Elon Musk people is around us
3:57 | POV: You hear 'What's Inside' in the Background LOL
Am I the only one that likes the words 33 thousand and bullet proof
Where i can buy this cyber truck here in the Philippines??how to order..
Sema comedie video vera level
how like how in any car revel hes roasting others cars brands
if i ever get one of those you know whats gonna happen...... 42s
This car is a cyberbullet
The power on the fucker though, looks stupid but it’s functionality is top fucking notch.
Lol man I can’t believe how many people in the audience shouted through this whole video haha smh
5:35 to 5:45 If Elon musk didn't exist this is what SIFI movies would look like.
Elon musk is no Tesla. But he is Tesla's dream.
9:05 take my money 
LOL
Cheaper then any new truck.
this thing look like my toaster
Get ready people soon their going to ask him to start designing military vehicles
ffs the glass breaking is totally meant to be. instant publicity.
Uma carroça ridícula mas pela fama,o povo(gado) aplaude de pé e ecoa Lindo,Lindo,Lindo... Povão imbecil.
So funny omg my fucking god Musk so funny. You can see he's obviously rattled since the glass broke
The Cybertruck's glass is made out of Nokia
Its just like Cyberpunk 2077!
3:37 it’s the cyberclowncar
Excellent, Sharing...
This sound like a apple event to me they should call it the Telsa cybertruck apple event copied
LMAO, he’s trying to insult the appearance of the big 3’s pickups and then he presents that hideous looking thing. No thanks. I’ll take my Cummins pickup over that pos any day.
But why did you make it ugly though? Also, watching this video was like watching a cat cough up a hairball. I don't know why, it just was.
It looks like a weird looking car
next here gonna tell us it has 2000 routers so your poor friends can get internet if they drive near you and you'll have the fastest internet ever that stretches 100 miles so you can have your own wifi 100 miles away from your car
he deceives the client the car does not have an optimized suspension it is just a cart with an electric motor
omg #Elon!!
'IT's a lemon and I want my money back'. Meat Loaf
Oh boy, wheres Elon Tusk when you need him?
Sure am liking the N64 graphics filter they’re using here
Elon alright 
Crowd cheers cries yells
12:00 bye bye Cyber Truck
The audience is acting like your taking a kid to the candy store
he changed his tone real fast once his windows broke. Went from talking shit to talking facts real fast. I guess TOUGH wasnt one of the facts presented here.
If mrbeast buys one of this and destroy it they will really struggle
Whistling diesels future truck
This is like Davenport in Lab Rats only that he is real
Bruh if this car come world is doom
1 million preorders in 6 months
Czemu nie ma po Polsku???
Electric   VS.     gasoline.       ️
# IN ELON WE MUSK
From 2022, it's till not ready (not even close)
TAKE MY MONEY
Take my money.
Tesla just embarrassed Porche
I got an ad for public speaking while watching this video
It’s ultra hard that’s kinda sus Elon
Take my money
the only fact i found here after watching this is i don't get that car
Take my freaking card
Car that USA will use on the moon 
Aaaa-ja.   I like the truck
Size is matter!! really
I Cant haul my dirt bike in that.
What if a baby is stuck in the car in a hot day??? Lmao
Omg omg omg 
glass is a glass, it breaks
40 K??? For this ??? Sorry... but WHY?
Music really made no justice to the truck,you want something like Cyberpunk 2077 music,thank me later.
"GO CYBER" 
 miserably fail mirror test
I wonder how this thing would got a license plate for Europe? : the chassis is too though for crashtests, it’s can’t eat energy on an inpact, so the passangers will not survive a crash.. , also: if they can’t destroy the windows, how are they going to rescue the passengers? , it would need a welder for cutting off a crashed cybertruck..
*Computer graphics come on screen. ELON FANBOYS: ''WOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAH BRUOOO TAKE MAAAAA MONEEEY!''
9:06 u can hear some1 saying "take my money"
Next up teslas cyber tank
so cool.
But is it faster than a ferrari
*Glass breaks
Music and timeline intensifies
Do a tug of war against a hennesy preformance f150 velociraptor 6x6. it has 1000hp and 750 850 ft lbs of torque. then lets see whos laughing.
11:58 it was at this moment that he knew...


he f*cked up.
This car won't be hard to mod in GTA
Ion know bout y'all but the truck looks like it's would be the kind of thing people in law enforcement use, u know CIA and FBI agents and all that.....I watch too many movies
''THIS IS NOT CGI''
Man his public speaking skills are so poor.  But gotta love him!
“Los Angelos, 2019”
WOOOOOOOOO
“Polluted”
...
Perfect car tp travel to cancun
He seems so uncomfortable the entire time.
when they broke the glass
We've incorporated everything you've ever loved but wasn't useful
Role model
What was with faking how hard he hit it with the hammer
Actually claims its idiot non-proof. which means its just like the rest :D
After that glass broke...... awkward
He really is like tony stark, no words and does not like presenting
Elon: oh my f••king god

Tesla investors: oh my f••king god
He explained why it did this with joe Rogan
He even own rocket  no bullshit
I will buy the strongest cyberteuck once elon musk accepts dogecoin as payment
this man is Tony Stark
It looks Like a gleaner combine
my little brother calls him
Elongated Muskrat
I didn’t order an e-girl! Smash the window, mate!
dont know if anyone else noticed, but the guy was swinging way way slower when hitting the cyber
me taking a pic While People are Screaming




ME:NOO I LOST MY CAMERA AWW MEN
1,4K Porsche owners disliked
Tesla: is an electric car to prevent pollution 


Also tesla: uses a smoke machine
Can someone photo shop window wipers on this car so it can't be more realistic and mirrors
Elon was shittin on Ford huh
U got a good stuff there
really annoying how the audience won't just keep quiet and listen. they are ruining the presentation... it's strange how the audience in the US seems to need to feel part of the show...
guys - take my money

elon musk - hehahe
Msrp $39,900

Tesla dealership
$79,900.00
Why is the headspace in the back always so low? I‘m 192 cm. and I hate getting into the back of these kind of cars. Design over practicality. Shame.
That's the new warthog in Halo 6
Title Videos : Watch $39,000 Bulletproof Truck Full Reveal




Me : 12:00
A mini batmobile
Wow
Thats cyber alright...
Oh, oh yeah we also made a atv:20:05
Reminds me of Ark II.
Elon: look at my baby, it is so ugly. Don't you just wanna squish him?
Everybody: give us a minute, and we will!
Why does this remind me of life invaders GTAV
Elon Musk: Shaming Car Companies Since 1971
Wow
SHOOOOOT ITTTTTT
Shit happens.
11:58
Glass: *F*
Elon: *Die Inside*
When we make something ugly they use the cybertruck
6:48 rip toyota
11:57 this is why you came
Due is sooooo nervous.
Man tesla's presentations are unprofessional af
He has but to sing and dance, and maybe become another Michael Jackson! Rockstar...
It already looks bettwr than lambo
Ok the jokes over, what is the real truck going to look like?
i can say that elon musk is very nervous
Where’s the side mirror?
Failure is the first step of sucess , he is lucky that he is failed
This man chose a weak little girl man to hit the door, he needs to choose THE ROCK
that crowd was so damn annoying
Plot twist - The ball is made by Nokia
That good car for rob.
It's like the Halo Warthog, but without the style or function.
With millions of truck concepts... they went with this one. Meh.
9:08 and before 9:08 built tuff references
Maybe that was a little too hard my ass quit making cars and naming kids after something you'd see in a calculator
Can't put sheet of plywood in it
Wow
Why does Elon sound like he is impersonating Freddie Mercury ?
Elon: * looks back* jus to check if there’s a murderer
Now this isn’t a joke 




Wtf
Not lying i like atv more than truck
Its ok.
They cheated with the ball and the glass they took the clamps off so that the glass could move and flex.


#busted
HEY DAD!
Elon Musk: blushes and giggles heeey
This thing looks like garbahha
2:18 “Go cyber!”
The glass part..... the secondhand embarrassment is too much this is bad
what price thiscar tesla?
Who designed this a kindergarten kid?
I mean that’s cheap for a truck tbh
cyber truck vs electric ford truck
The new kid in the block...everybody will be watching...
But glass is broken
What does california have to do with shooting the truck?
Elon stuttering and a faild demo.. HAHAHAHAHA!!! too awkward he almost pee on his pants and faint.. LMAO!!!
this happend a year ago WTF!!!
Tesla audience : Over enthusiastic  and high.
Me loking at Elon Musk face 
Elon Musk please help me
Why cost is cheap?
A truck looks like a gmc..
Wait a  minute that aint no tesla
If anyone wants the condensed version: https://youtu.be/N7JAVfhC3YM


p.s. Charles Cornell is a comedic musical genius!
they didn't tamp down the glass so it could bounce a whole two inches when the ball was dropped to absorb the energy. its a misleading experiment, his emo assistants helped him do
This is not the full video, parts have edited out. Thumbs down
There Somebody turned off Texture While Playing or I'm looking at a Rover from Mars
Tires for truck be like: owner:4 cybertruck tires please, cashier: that will be $8500 dollars. owner: what the frick.
wait what i a fire man needs to get into your car
Why is Airracks name on the background ahah that’s epic
Ight, Elon, make waifu's real
No flying cars....hmmm....
Why didn't you invent this in 1996?
If you think it looks like trash too BREATH
at 3:56 you can here Dan from what's inside
*gets a Ford F-150 commercial*
Im am the only one eho's hearing 8bit music when i see this car
well, that whas a bit too hard under hands it
Its deloreans big brother!
He is faking with hammer very nicely
Glass is a glass

wow
Phahahahahahah best stupid car ever ️
I found out that Tesla is built with tape.  LOL   Tesla uses tape to tape their glass!  Unbelievable!  Might as well superglue the steering column.
welcome to the future.
ohhmyfuckinggod
Death trap. Firefighter worst nightmare.
this car its advance
0:15  <3 Grimes <3
Is it come in black????
looks like a foot drawn by rob liefeld...
It's funny that I got a GMC hummer EV commercial...
Elon can sell dogg shit and tell the audience that its a good skin cream. 

You people buy eveything lol
Terminator!!!!!
Lol, bulletproof? Couldn't even take a guy tossing a rock at half the speed a child could throw it at let alone a bullet going over 600 feet/s.
Elon Musk cursed lol
Alternative title: meme fest.
Tony Stark??? NO!! Elon Musk xd
3:57 you can hear the what's inside guy
elon musk actually sucks at presentation skills
That's just thecnical difficulties
Why are they lughing ahahhahaha
I like cyber truck how much is for a cyber truck
Something john 117 would use
The ugliest and emotionalst car I have ever seen !
Some ppl got fired after this presentation
Elon is soo high.
Not only the glass.. When the guy was hammering on the door.. He was lill bit softer than the usual track door.. So fakism exposed 
Great inventor, entrepreneur... terrible presenter/speaker...
Nice
Literally throwing up in my mouth.
He reminds me of the guy from the flash the smart guy I forgot his name
wow fine
It's only 40k?
They should've done a fake truck and then be like psyche and being out the real beast.
Idiots are making fun of this cybertruck BUT guess what??? Tesla might have created a monster vehicle that would dominate the pick-up truck market and could begin their end. You can wage your paycheck on this.
If xxx tentacion buys this truck he will be still alive
Conspiracy theory the robot lady is the one who said hi dad
''It didn't go through''.....
Finally, a billionaire that doesnt say, stocks, money, stocks, money
Those random hoots are so funny
Oh heeeeeeeeeell no!!
I want
BAMF!!!!
The shunk isn't loaded yet
He sounds like tony stark
Why didn't Robocop come out with it??
every rapper will buy one
27 people will remain on earth when we fly to Mars
I wish people would stop yelling stuff from the audience.
the guy who broke the glass ,might be fired.
3:56 I think I can hear Dan from whatsinside lol
elon really said yo bro stop polluting im tryna live forever im a lizard
Is this a game show? 
The reveal would be better if there was cyberpunk 2077 music
"you sure"? LMAO
Did you hear a guy saying TERMINATOR! xd its so funny
Why would you want harder glass than you can’t escape from it in an emergency
Elon needs a public speaking 101 class....he can’t talk..lol
the big delorean
I will buy it!
Elon Mask orada maymunlara mı tanıtıyor teslaları anlamadım her şeye bağırıyorlar ffdsgdgdfh
If Criss Angel Mindfreak designed automobiles.....
Cyber truck 2077
12:00 Elon Swears
2:18 

12:41
what how is bulletproof legal criminals will be going insane
Its an uglier Pontiac Aztec with the rear hatch and camping back off and called it tesla.
13:08  SHEEP? GOAT
the dude didnt slam the hammer as hard as he did to the first door. You can see the dude resist the impact force to the tesla door. Second, the first glass wasnt tight good enough because you can see a crack line. Innovation? and trick! Just my opinion.
Elon should have taken a hit of weed before hand XD
Lame, he dont know how to use a sledge hammer.
Vaporware...
I would like to get a cybergirl, thanks. Don't tell my gf.
Is it just me or was it painful to watch?
I just heard Elon curse...
He speaks like he just read like 18 dictionaries
"nail it"
proceed to slow down in motion to not hit it too hard. 
bullshit.
COME WITH ME IF YOU WANT TO LIVE!
Ford CEO watching 
Just 2 more years 2 more years
How did i get here in 2020

Brilliant guy. Horrific presenter
Did Elon rehearsed the presentation at all? It was terrible and awkward
Why do people buy that low poly car?
Tony stark is still alive behind us
522,000 orders !!!
11:55 rip
this truck is from runescape
This is KaI-El's ship
poor guy cant present. which is fine, but then do an into and ending, and have engineers and designers talk in the middle.
WAIT is there any chance the hologram girl in the beginning is Grimes???
Henry Ford turned over in his coffine
This was painful to watch...
Anyone else annoyed from the comments and silly things people are yelling like this is some coffee house spoke and word contest? Can yall be respectful of a presenter? Seems like a young crowd.
That guy swings like a girl
Why everyone screaming for every word Elon says
Santa steals to sonic won’t break it
Tesla car: Quiet
Truck: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This car looks ugly I mean it’s LITTERALLY just a triangle I only like how fast it goes and stuff
I wonder who the girl robot was lol  (G)
Ohhh i put the wrong glass...
looks a bit like Arnold?
This is LOL XD
He definitely smoked weed before this
did they shoot this at a frat party
This was painful
Hier j’ai jamais with the other two and the best part was the fact I had a few more things that were going in the same place as your friend and the best friends off you
Wow broken glass trying to make the car of the future not only it's one of the most overpriced and the most ugliest car ever made but trying to make it like k.i.t.t of knightrider making it bullet proof with the bonding shells at least the window didn't break during a gun fight ha ha this car is garbage and a sight to make your eyes sore for days
when this glass break he hews not a good wipe anymore
nobody 

humans : voov
wtf he acts and talks like tony stark
13:16 he studers
Take my Bitcoin!!!!!!
Not even your ex girlfriend will destroy it.
That truck is hideous
I think he very angry with window
To much advert in this video
Batman be bored these days
CEO trupernor born in 1964 elon elon musk
11:57

Just...

E
You can't blame him he is south African so he is not used to talking american english
Realize that having unbreakable windows is bad right 

Cuz how do you get out in case of an emergency 

Say the truck winds up sinking in a lake 

If you can’t break the windows you’ll drown
i dont like the look
Terminator!
Why am i watching this now
I can hear Dan from What's Inside
Design from 5 year child funny cyberscrap
Oof after the glass broke cringe
Why the fuck it broke hmm because the glass there didnt wtf :/
nervous asf
Remember guys this is still an example not released yet
this is the most annoying crowd ever
Thiss car made by hacksmith
I thought that dude was josh brolin
4:14 : AHHHH MURDERER
poor elon and his stuter
The crowd is so annoying
Good​luck​all​frome​my​had​
Ehh.... the sledge thing was a hard cringe! Guy obviously didn't hit it hard.
Why did he got so awkward, makes me cringe watching him
Only for eccentric!!!
20:19 you can hear someone in the audience saying that was shit xD
all those guys in the same car lol
5:02
This truck is worthless., only good thing is it doesn't consume fuel.
you what a truck that looks like a cardboard box, It looks like a 2 year old made that thing
Why does he keep stuttering?
What a hideous, characterless cyberpunk inspired piece of garbage. If you down size the the equally hideous brutalist post-modern building architectural model unto a vehicle form, you get this trash.
Boss
Looks like a car in rooblox
Who is this cybergirl?
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that when PayPal was a small company elon would randomly close accounts and steal their money
Now where is my cat girls
This is so awkward.
it broke.............
Bruh this is to long bye...
November 2020 - The World Is F#cked
You couldn't design an uglier vehicle if you tried...
Talks about sustainable energy, wastes gas for fire when that could have been avoided.
Elon husk
Ah yes,expensive garbage
elon musk is not good presenter, he keeps stuttering

It didn't go through OK
Top class shit car.
I made this in the third grade
Gas is better!!
He hummered harder the ford door than cyber
good troll marketing
Liar on first test
did I read that correctly 39,900 dollars?
Looks like f4cking coffin
people these days.......
All of them are recording
OMT.... :-)
Most annoying crowd ever.
why is this channel not verified?
Only scientific facts can store all the knowledge together in one place (brain - MEMORY) - and record (write - draw - copy)! Only living bodies (brains) have limits and limitations! God it's like my brain though! The truth! Fact! Many things have to be kept in the universe!
A Miata has a bigger trunk. This is garbage.
please Tela use inventor ?
I swear he is a mincraft player
How you gonna bash gmc Ford Chevy with something this ugly man and you failed when you threw that ball at that window
Mfs driving around in a trapezium
what the fuck did i just watch
this guy is a joke. same as his "company" and his "products". period.
11:58
You have 2.000.000 subs
Anyone else see Chris Olsen
The people constantly telling cringey stuff is absolutely annoying.
He made this for the cartel
11:56 R/therewasanattempet
Man I'm sorry but that thing looks like a joke!!!, It's ugly!!, Cheep looking
8:35
Glass broke because windows rolled down because of the hammer so it was not at its strongest that is why it broke
So bulletproof you can break the window with a rock.
Henri hihaaaacks !!!!! (la sienne est carrément mieux hein !
CYBERGIRL??
very very bad design Elon(((
Can that one guy in the audience shut up?
Why does he look like jimmy kimmel but is older and lost kis kids
Elon Musk: Panics Talking On Stage
21:17
11:50
Wtf is that swing is like a a human with weak bones lol I show you how to swing a real sledgehammer but I am in the comment so next time
viewers are biased.
what hapend to the bed?
”YEAH”
I  cringe so hard when this people scream tryna be funny
1:23 high dad
He is such an awkward person.....
11:58
19:22 ''Tesla dot com slish slash cybertruck'' bur tip eeh drr duu umm
haha prtty funny shit
Why does he stutter so much
The audience is making me cringe....
Trillions likes,best comments to you because you best in world and followers respect you but Please we ask you to create super active account on TikTok and Likee and Tsu applications  because they are So fast to increase followers and increase sellings and post videos in 4K 60fps
6:39 is that thinknoodles O:
How many people got fired that day?
4:37
11:58
11:55
11:52
is The Truck From Hacksmith The Channel? But Bigger
11:59
Elon is a fucking comedian with this shit
THIS IS WHY YOU SHOULD USE CONDOM
He literally can't talk.
fortnite event
11:53
elon is from my country sa
The guy with hammer is good actor....Fooling people..
Ye musk is mad lol
I adore Elon... But this is the worst presentation I've ever seen.
Such a great mind, such horrible truck. Dnt get me started on that stupid tailgate work out just to raise it? Shouldn’t you have a nice electric push on thing to lift itself? Did Homer Simpson designed it? This is apple style tarting, a trend where people buy or pre order things just to try to b different? Then go home and spend on cell phones n plastic n pretend you care for the world.
Boy, I'm just glad that Trump wasn't somehow blamed for this haha.
how do you get out the window if you get a a car crash
Great if you're getting shot at and attacked by people with sledghammers. But not good if you plan to haul lumber or sod or firewood or concrete. Try again.
Anything tesla is the most BORING presentations ever.
im remeber this
thats the worlds uglest truck
1:19 HI DAD
its ugly and the glass shatters too. im not buying it.
Help him》》》》
Buy more Tesla shares and bitcoin
Fake hit the door
The black guy using sunglasses in dark environment. Kind of weird.
The f150 is not on!
yo the crowd is annoying
Mdr 11:50
Lol 1:18 hi Dad hey
It did not go throu
He so awkward lol
as its mine so i will b der.
So this is lame
Yowch! [Insert kids cheering here]
For being such a successful man, he's a terrible speaker
Omg
There is some Youtubers There It’s Jerry And What’s Inside
hi dad 1:18
im all for sustainable energy, but i know someone besides me burst out laughing when it pulled up
It looks like a rover that would be on Mars.
Yay... a truck that costs more than my damn mortgage...oh well, at least it looks cool
Looks like a vehicle from a 1980's movie of the future
Don’t really care much to buy this truck but hopefully it will drive down prices of the other trucks that I want to buy
I see what he sees...! And he is bold!
Let me have me have it on the farm for a solid month.  And then we will reveal it again
Lets see this truck in one of those crash tests.,   just curious.  ... lets see real numbers
when both windows broke the Tesla Stock dropped XD . Lmao how did they let that happen lol. Oh well I guess nothing is perfect
i want one
Ok..Question ....if the glass is "supposed" to be unbreakable...what happens when Mr. Leadfoot  ,hits a icy patch ...goes off road . rolls the truck ...and cant get the doors open?? Then the vehicle catches fire ! .....how does he get out ?? Surely not by breaking a window or kicking out the windshield , like I had to do when a drunk driver rolled me over into a field and could not get the doors open  and could only get out by kicking out the windshield.
And you get to charge it with oil, gas, and coal fired electric generation. LOL
Ugh oh the glass broke I think he's lost ND scared to have another mess up
i was pretty sure they didnt make the delorean anymore
Straight outta Mad Max!!!
officially the sissyest truck on the planet
it looks cool
Well at the ATV looks cool. . .
An entire pickup built on a sheetmetal brake.  I thought Elon had enough money for proper press and dies. Obviously needs more govt subsidies.
Great !
Off roading........ yes, i;m sure lots of people would just love to go driving through water and mud in a stainless steel high voltage electric car.................  Or imagine this, after a fun trip off road, you look down and see your battery is weak.   What do you do?  can;t charge it, your buddy can;t bring you a can of electricity.....
Unbreakable glass huh
I like it.
At 6:45 the guy used his full 100% force to hit the normal truck door 
And obviously 7:30 when he hit it he reduced the power to 10%... .... 
LoL? Is he think that all of us who watching this are 5years old kid or what???
The back upper rear door lines don`t match up evenly just saying.
Who is here just to see the glass break?
the engineers dressed up like the Mad Max cast
Truck looks like it came out of twisted metal
Lmao the go Cyber at 2:17
this man the stutter master lol
Man, everything about this description is wrong.  Not bulletproof, and 39,999 will be limited range.  Who knows if they'll make it even.
I want a truck that doesn't rust!..... EVER
does anyone else notice no mirrors?
Living proof that a car company can make the ugliest piece of crap and people suck it up like candy.
Please hire someone that can actually use that mace properly. The first strike landed flat lmfao.
Looks something like out of the terminator he thinks he`s the terminator uses the same words scary stuff.
I try to stay away from neighborhoods with people slinging sledge hammers. You couldn't give me one of those trucks.
Tesla is making the big 3 nervous
600,001st Viewer!
Also... Elon looks really similar to Dan from the show Lucifer.

Is it just me that feels that way?
Did he receive some horrible life changing news right as he was about to start the presentation?
Ok so there is a camera that is recording this whole event in a nice quality, yet all those stupid people need to use their phones to do the same instead of living the moment. Makes me vomit.
Back to the Future
But it's not even April 1st yet? ️
Elon Musk buys a Cybertruck in 1999: @
The future is here. Adapt or be left behind.
The technology is amazing  but I can get over how fucking ugly it looks
But does it deflect zombies?
We PRESENT you Fallout 7..6...  ähhh the Cyber Truck!
looking forward to the memes of this
this is embarrassing  to watch honestly looks like a presentation of a toy, a bad ass toy but still
For one thing it isn’t a truck... it’s more like a SUV...... bulletproof and shit.. mmm I wonder how many bank robbers and other bad people going to get this
God, that thing's ugly.  It looks like a cross between a WW I tank and a stealth fighter.  And the windows are disappointingly fragile for being "bulletproof."  And never forget this is the first coal-fired pickup truck.  The batteries have to be charged somehow and plugging into the AC grid...which runs mainly on coal...seems like the logical answer.
bullet proof not pebble proof.
looks ridiculous and cant even stop a ball yet claims of bullet proof hahahha this is a joke.
SLASH THE TIRES...AHH SHIT THESE AREN'T RUN FLATS
Hopefully the real body is not far off.
bf
OH MY GOD THAT HAS TO BE THE UGLIEST VEHICLE I HAVE EVER SEEN
I’ve never cringed so hard in my life !!  this dude is so awkward and weird  it just got more weird after the glass broke he just kept adding fire to the flame 
Shit happens at 11:50
Mejor pongan el modelo que hizo homer simpson
ALOT in this presentation wasnt planned 
looks like the car Homer Simpson designed
TERMINATOR 
This Audience is fucking twitch chat if i've ever seen one
i bet Elon 200 bucks mr beast was in that audience
LOL! 
Cyberpunk 2020 RPG fomt--I gotta love it**
Relax Elon people are not buying this for the glass.
is it me or is anybody else have Delorian flash back
The product of geeks with money... If that if what the future looks like, it will be a very sad future.
DUDE THAT AUDIENCE IS SOOO AWKWARD I SWEAR
I like  the atv
It's new.  But looks so out dated.
*!In Elon We Trust!*
I made that a T-Shirt, now make go your own ;)
The tug war was fake  the Ford was in 2 wheel drive
sissy truck 
it was a rubber sledge hammer
reminds me of HALO Movie! anyone else?
I JUST WISH HE COULD TALK! JUST SPIT IT OUT JUNIOR!
And waiting to delivery is 15 years hahahahaha
11:44 -12:44 that sucks lmao
He really should hire someone else to do his presentations, because honestly i was bored in the first few minutes as it seems like he doesn't know what he is talking about.
Side view mirrors?
MOST UGLIEST CAR IN THE WORLD , CONGRATZ TESLA !!!!!
Is it stealth? Does police radar lock onto it?
dude is a robot forshure!!!
Ridiculous jajajaja!!
Someone played to much ps2 or crackdown. If you're local police start buying these move far away.
dizam, the future is now
What?? i think the boys lost it. it worse than the one Homer Simpsom designed
this is a cyberpunk game???
Dead blow hammer.... humm!!
did a 3 year old design that HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! what a JOKE !  seriously bring out the real truck hahahaha !
Ik why the cyber truck looks ugly to a lot of people it’s because it’s too advanced for humanity it still hasn’t rendered in so only Elon can see it’s true form
This tug of war b's is stupid I can out pull any truck with my 4 cylinder Toyota if you break the tires loose
The car's design is awful. It reminds me of the canadian cars from south park with the square wheels.
Elon not quite or even close to funny....he's too much of a geek to be.  Him standing there with two broke windows is worse than the Bill Gates Microsoft fail presentation.
Ok, let´s be honest... Elon could be the one with the money on the Poket but... He shouldn´t be doing the presentation itself, I mean, he´s not good speaker, he doesn´t even make like a real connection or shows his passion about the product! He cannot transmit the real power or impact the Cybertruk should make on it´s first presentation! Terrible presentation, it makes me doubt about if I like the Cybertruck or not.... anyone else have the same feeling? #cybertruck #tesla
The camera man should get closure its still rendering the LOD.
Hahahahahahahahahah.  Maybe this is Karma for calling one of the heroes ,who saved those kids from Thailand  from a cavern that had flooded, a pedophile - repeatedly.
Lamborghini Contach mixed with F-117.... The most ugly SUV ever!
Late stage capitalism...
Was Elon drunk or does he always slur WTH?   That things awful
First presentation if have watched form Elon. He is pretty bad at this...
"It doesn't look like anything else"....n it dont look like a truck either...
Your glass experiment is weak.  The sledge hammer on the truck door and then yours.  Was he even trying?? I'm pretty sure I can't even watch the rest of this ridiculousness
Cybertruck 2077
So they designed a ugly, bullitproof truck that is eco friendly, and has no carrying capacity, so now we can all drive safe and bullit-proof and comfy and eco friendly. wtf Is this world coming too.
wow the music :D
How the hell is that considered a truck?
not sold at all. if he had someone like braun strowman hitting it with a sleagh hammer ive been ok with it. second no damn truck is gonna out due a 911. third bullet proof glass wtf why is that needed. granted its a nice concept that they came up with. he just fed us a lot of bullshit.
These billionaires are out of touch with the general public. Just like the inventor of the Segway thing, No body wanted it, it was ugly and expensive. The average Joe is NOT going to purchase this monstrosity. Its just too WEIRD!
These billionaires are out of touch with the general public. Just like the inventor of the Segway thing, No body wanted it, it was ugly and expensive. The average Joe is NOT going to purchase this monstrosity. Its just too WEIRD!
Elon Musk is a true follower of Shrek.
Really wind up lol 7:29
Trucks usually have a bed ....
Syd Mead, watch and weep.
Trucks have not been the same for "like 100 years" clown. And she says"the world is addicted to oil" well then everyone that wines about that better stop using whatever they are using to watch this  since oil is what is used to make the plastic they are made of.  Plugged into what buddy a hundred hamsters on their wheels?
Worst looking truck ever designed
So where are the side mirrors!!!!!!!!!! Anyone?????
Elon really sucks at presenting
oh my f GOD lol
How much for a cyber waifu gf??
Mexican cartels are going to love this..
Wie alt ist den bei Tesla der Desingner? Geht er schon zur Schule?
this is strait out of Minecraft
That was so uncomfortable to watch.. bunch of sheep's in the herd
We're addicted to oil because MOST AMERICANS CANADIANS AND EUROPEANS aren't pussies and some of us race, some ride fourwheelers or dirtbikes, and the last bit of us do donuts
if ANYBODY that can talk me right out of buying a car from this Co. would be him!! my 6yr.old niece could've done a better job!! do yourself a favor and don't ever do an opening again, worst ive ever seen
ugliest freaking truck ive ever seen!
Elon must be smoking the good stuff because that is the uglyist truck iv ever seen.Its so bad id buy a ford before i bought that and im 4th generation chevy famliy.
A smell of satanic deception in the mix.
vad är det för jävla plåtburk med 100 watts motor jag ser
This huge ass car won't do in my hometown at all. They want to ban cars.
this thing isnt  pretty at all
I am sorry Mr Musk but that one damn ugly Truck
Unscripted AF LOL
it looks rubish I will never by it
is this a joke?
I'm sorry, did you just make fun of the styling of the big three trucks?  Then roll out this abomination?    You took the worst design elements from other auto flops, and mashed them all together.   You have created an ugly useless truck.  The bed is all but useless and unusable.  Towing with an electric truck will be very short range.  How does a company who made their mark by producing elegant, even beautiful electric cars come out with this mess for a truck?  The whole time i thought this was a joke.
creepy...
that my space age truck the say design I made with the brand new 3d design program designed for make car with well then this Jean-Paul..
honestly, I think it looks a bit bizarre and sci-fi. More like something I'd expect from a moon rover.


It's got many angles, but the angle on the roof is particularly unappealing to me.


(and lawl and window fail)
Looks like the truck I used to make out of juice boxes when I was a kid lol
i like how he's using a deadblow sledge
omg i just bought a new truck im taking it back i want this
Pretty friggin sweet
What a great idea a tough truck.
Does it come with batteries?
Trucks have been the same for 100 years because they got the job done
just what i always wanted in a truck. and less. a lot less.
7:46 - 7:50 Elon Musk Challenges all truck manufacturers Officially XD
I was expecting to see a nice futuristic slick design, but not on that one ....
Watch out if they say it’s reliable and dependable  , well we know how indestructible the windows are 
wtf is that mostrosity? I LOVE IT! lol xD
I want one
This looks like a DeLorean with a lift kit
am i the only one that was thinking that the broken glass was a prank and the last thing they where going to do was remove the false pane to shot a perfectly unfazed glass
LMBO When the glass broke!! he was probably pooping his pants!! Showcasing how proof the glass is and it breaks with alittle throw! I would totally run away...
What happens in a head-on crash!?
remember that , the governments and the car manufacturers with their gasoline engines have done nothing for 90 years to show us that they cares about the air we breathe
Your kidding right,  all the technology in the world and they design that?
that guy was swinging so soft at the tesla
This going be a big big seller.
I can imagine all the bank robberies / what the fuck ever else you can think of using it for thats going to happen. But it is a big beautiful bitch and I want it
I want it on military car
So how much is this thunder dome truck? 200K?
So, a toy truck, not a work truck?
What about a Tesla Motorcycle ?
This guy is a shape shifter
armored glass doesnt break.. lol   breaks with a 3 mile an hour fast ball
There's no truck bed?? That's ridiculous
GIVE IT TO JEREMEY CLARKSON, RICHARD HAMMOND AND JAMES MAY TO DO LIKE THEY DID WITH THE TOYOTA HILUX!!!
OMG what 5 year old designed that damn monstrosety?
"Rehearse?  I don't need to rehearse!  Script?  I don't need a script!  I'll just wing it!"
Was that in a mad max movie? Looks like a rolling tin can. Lol
I would rather drive a 1974 honda civic
funny how the original Tesla had his experiments sabotaged too
That wuss could hardly swing the hammer!
I prefer 1970s muscle if your going to get any muscle car make sure its a 1970s or older too be honest not a fan of hell cats
Elon musk here pushing for a revolution. Like  "here militias, lets even the playing field" before they leave "oh don't forget to check out boring!"
Who said it was bulletproof LOL
I don't know who stutters more ....OZZY or ELON.   He needs to, at least, hire someone who can present this to the world properly.
Lots of Money on the line and he does this!!! Fail,Fail,Fail, c'mon let's get it together. Alot of people lost interest after this. I'm sure this could have been better..............
"bulletproof" ok, i belive you...
not muscle car, only MUSKL CAR
its gone viral after its failure, nice marketing strategy
Do those costumes come with that incredibly hilarious truck?
Isn't that a shuttle craft from the USS Enterprise, with wheels?
Sledge hammers have a STEEL head this here is a mallet.  Rubber coated with steel shot inside or something.  A sledge hammer wielded buy a guy that has wielded one before would definitely dent it.
500 mile range when unloading. Add that 14k and I be you don't get 100 miles.
i am just waiting for roadster
Can I electrify the skin for the key scratchers?
And how exactly shall Middle east groups be able to mount machine guns and other necessary equipment on those trucks ?
This thing has made lifted jeeps look cool again 
Deer ain't happy to see this coming at them at night.
Elon Musk is the shit.
Side view mirrors missing
Does this deflect radar, batmans new ride maybe
What a complete piece of shit this thing is. This guy is a complete whack job.
This isn't really what the cars going to look like rite ? I mean really it looks like a delorean and GI joes jeep had made an accident.
Why did they put in breakable glasses??
He got the idea from a 2x3 slope cheese block LEGO piece
put a generator on it
why does i feel like he is like lex luthor a bad guy ranking up the ppopularity to take over the world
I don't get it!


Better writers, first off, and second this seems like something that most people would not drive.
This was the worst and most cringy presentation I have ever seen. I love the concept and build quality though.
ARE THOSE AVAILABLE ON CYBER MONDAY? LOLS EHHEHE
that is one ugly ass truck, but i love it so much
the last comment, if you are trying to convince the Americans to switch to the electric truck you do not do it with something that looks like that. I like it because I am into sci-fi but I doubt the average working American would buy one.
what a freak car. Does look like a fantasy movy from 1990s  a
the truck has no rear view mirror illegal
why is he taking like if he is doubting  his speech i ill say may be that way he talks.
And that is  a great car pal.
''Foehammer, i need you to disengage your wart-hog, the master chief and i are going to see if we can save some soldiers!''
And this makes 0 pollution to produce? ?? Probably 5 times as much and then you have a moving bomb on the road. WHO GOT PAID OFF HERE???
HEY I KNOW!!!  LETS MAKE A BOX, PUT WHEELS ON IT, AND GIVE IT TRIANGLES FOR WINDOWS!?!?!!  But do yo really think they'll buy it?  OF COARSE THEY WILL!!  WE' LL JUST  DO A REALLY COOL RED BACK DROP WITH LAZORS AND OBNOXIOUS MUSIC...   Your a penis....I mean genius...
Um, yeah, what your 3 year old kid would dream of and you make! Kiddin me?????
I think the Simpsons predicted this?
Why did the helpers look like villans and not scientists?
Well, that was embarrassing.........lol
Musk sounds like a 4 year old , my mrs can swing a sledge harder than that guy ,and that truck hurts my eyes to look at
great
So weird Grimes with an English accent and calling her bf her creator.
Can I have an old body style swapped on this truck? I just hate the way it looks. Not a fan, wont buy it.
I have no problem with a electric vehicle,...but damn, couldn't they have made it somewhat more appealing? That thing is just butt ugly...
Holy hell he can't talk that well
The word "SUSTAINABLE" ...  is trouble.  You'll SEE.
Dr. Brown called. Someone stole his DeLorean.
he sounds like me in my Primary School Spech
is it just me or is elon terrible at presenting. I kinda like the truck though!
i keep getting carvana ads lol
Я думал.что Таврия нова самая убогая машина.но я ошибался
Bullet resistant*
In the future he has no clue
What are all the idiots holding their phones up?? I mean everyone knows it will be available in perfect quality after the event, and every single one of these people will have a miserable video and sound quality when they do it themself from a really bad view.
electricity less than gas. lol you never been to ontario.
its good
hes getting us ready for war
I made a better looking truck at Disney's TEST TRACK ride...
tires are still oil
is this a world 
wide prank ?
Its look like a car from roblox or other sthi like this
Completely impractical.
He find People from the Street to help him with this?
Co to za chujmia️️️
Worst presentation I've ever seen.
And the guy with the hammer, what the hell is he doing, has he ever touched a hammer before?
That wrist must hurt after first hit.
The Elon Snake Oil delivery Truck. This Truck Pollutes  more than STANDARD TRUCKS !!!    Think about where the electricity comes from .  The batteries are so toxic !!!!!
Highway electric wars
I am going to drop this here.  Research terminal velocity.
DeLorean2.0
That's one ugly truck. I'll wait for generation 2
do rich just people like to break cars
dislike for the sheep like for the Elon musk disses
This advertisement production is amateur hour. Looks juvenile just like the amateur design.
That is the ugliest "truck" that I have ever seen. I don't think that thing is going to sell. Love Tesla, HATE...HAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTEEEEEEE This...ABSOLUTELY HATE this
that was really embarrassing but not bad
Fucking RC Car
Nice s**t :) hho is future no batteries.  They feed us technological progress that does not exist :)
So no ones going to mention that this thing is ugly beyond all means
Bunch of liberals 
ugli car in the word 
150 is the MAN
Train wreck presentation. Mumbling bumbling Musk.
Elon Musk isnt shit.  He runs a junk store.
That is without a doubt the ugliest truck ever made.     who would want to drive such a thing lol
Gotta be the ugliest thing Ive ever seen, Please dont make that
Who would drive such an ugly piece of shit lol I rather play halo on my Xbox not drive the shit in real life lol 
My god, what a bullshitter. The reason that trucks haven't changed all that much is because it is the bast design for the purpose. Not to mention that those of us with a brain like it the way it is. That is why people are buying more trucks than ever before. Go ahead and let the guy at the building materials yard drop a yard and a half of gravel into it. Will it also automatically unload itself? Oh, and by the way, how the hell do you install a lumber rack on it?
God that truck is dam ugly looking!! Looks like something you’d see in a horrible 80’s movie
I could have made this shit.
Is this fake? I bet it was just an act or some crap
I'LL BE BACKKKKK
is this a joke? seriously asking. I don't know anything about tesla or elon. I just knisw he is a billionaire. this truck/presentation is pathetic. this cant be real
Best 22 minutes of cringe.
The background music feels like I'm in half-life about to get murdered by a zombie
SMH ️️️
Honey aren’t you wearing petroleum... yes make u is
What a load of Bollocks
SEND
I have a crush on his waifu he had at the beginning.
11:58
some windows
I mean, this is really ugly
,So ugly look like some Tesla aztek
so so fucking ugly,if anybody need bulletproof vehicle for sure will go for something way more heavy duty with diesel engine
Butt it's Ugly...
Says and is Are 2 Different things
compleatly fake
musk is a terrible presenter
Graphics: Low
skip on wheels
Terrible public speaker.
horrible espantoso quien diseño ese adefesio
carro feio
ugly as helll this "truck".
sure l drew that thing in the
joke car
for every single word
um?? claire boucher??
الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله الله
Hunger games?
But ist's so ugly!
elon tusk :D
I mean I guess
This is the first time I have thought Tesla is cool. I'm ordering this truck.
The RAV4 EV is an all-electric version of the popular RAV4 SUV produced by Toyota. Two generations of the EV model were sold in California, and to fleets elsewhere in the US, with a gap of almost ten years between them.
 
The first generation was leased from 1997 to 2003, and at the lessees' request, many units were sold after the vehicle was discontinued.[1] A total of 1,484 were leased and/or sold in California to meet the state's mandate for zero-emissions vehicle.
What are all those people shouting now !!!
Wow, you pulled the smallest 2wd F150 out there.
You know what. It seams like a really well thought out plan. Pretend to be socially awkward and present your own truck and ...oops something goes wrong and the whole world jumps on the either defence or hate bandwagon and you sell millions of said truck because people just want to own it because of the failure lol. Genius if i don't say.
Much respect for this great build. But it's so disgusting and unnatural looking, who came up with this horrendous design?
This truck will either make Tesla or break Tesla. Good luck Sir.
The Future is here, thats going to be the first truck of the underworld
Wow!!! they actually copied our Dream Car, wow!!!
I love the cybertruck it is the #1 truck I wont get any other truck I will get the cybertruck
It’s easy to tell the difference of the new truck. It my be a good product but needs a better sales Pitch
am i the only one that thought the slide hammer hit was not as hard as he made it look?
07:30 NO LE PEGO MUY FUERTE AL CYBERTRUK
I like it!
The Main Man in Technology.
Audi did the glass thing better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W14SFyJe77I
Also 0 crumple zones on that truck ... this should be forbidden from the public roads .Its pure killing machine.
It seem more like military machine than civilian .
12:00 Se rompe el vidrio de la camioneta!!!!! estuvo 5 minutos antes mostrando como ese FAMOSO vidrio no se rompia!!!! WTF!!!!!
When Mercedes wanted to make rectangular truck they came up with Mercedes G-wagen.. in 1979!!! mind you it`s 2019 and what the hell is that?
Elon missed an excellent opportunity to explain why the window broke. Bc if you left your baby in the car and can't unlock the door then how are you going to break the glass?
elon looks like he practiced the presentation last night for a half hour. maybe he should hire someone to do the presentations.
Porsche 911 GT2 RS , 0-100KMh 2.8 s , Top Speed 340 KMH / 700 PS
Before I buy a Cybertruck the first thing I'll do is request a set of extra large brushed metal colored Truck Nutz from Bulls Balls to hang from the tow hitch before I even drove it off the lot. I mean, can you imagine?
Is it big enough to put a generator in the back of it ?
I am already dreading the future.
As a service technician, where the f$$k do I put my ladders at bro!!
I just wonder how is this sustainable if you need a power-plant to make that electricity.If every vehicle in the world was electric the world would be even more polluted than now.For producing the lithium for batteries you pollute so much water that this has no sense at all.
Bullet proof? they said it can stop up to a 9mm. Thats bullet resistance to some pistols but i doubt if your going to kill somone in a car you would use a 9mm and try shooting them through the door?
lol jesus, the guy held back so much when hitting the truck with the hammer,  does he think that we didn't all see the difference in power between the 2 doors? lol wow
Ok so it was designed from a 15 polygon model, done by a 9 year old now familiarizing himself with Maya.

Homer Simpson comes to mind
it looks like a deathtrap :/
and it doesn't even have review mirrors??
I mean all this is meaningless if you cant put a ladder rack, tool boxes and such on it.  Are the tiers standard sizes?  This looks more like a grocery getter than a work truck.
Looked cool when saw it last week, but looks dated now.
How far will it go and how long to charge.?
Powerful brick 
All it's missing is solar panels
Maybe, but I am not sure, Elon was so nervous. And smashed glass...And, it`s surprisingly but people steel think that this is revolution. So it be) And people starting make a preorders. I like Elon for his revolutionary and brave ideas. He so tough(on the good sense) on the presentation. But he definitely (on my opinion) was so nervous.
when you run out of battery in the middle of the woods and half to use a generator lol
That was supposed to be the Honda Ridgeline.....sadly they went back to past....CAB-Bed configuration....Tesla Grab it , electrified and is going after the market..........
The sledge hammer on the cyber truck was must softer
shooot it!!
so no door mirrors ?
you need to be an alien to enjoy this car
looks like the truck that I drawed back in 3rd grade
Couldnt finish watching after the glass fuckin broke. Lmfao 
Who thought this guy how to swing a sledge hammer
so production is carbon neutral???
Great. So.... When will you unveil the Iron man suit.
This is just my opinion but..
Does anyone else not like the look of the truck? It just doesn’t feel and look like a truck. I know that’s the point but it looks like a car more, maybe it should be called something different. Yes, it called a cybertruck but i don’t know, should it really be considered a truck? 
(Just my opinion)
Super cool truck but it might be the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my entire freaking life, really.
What a mess !      Delorean meets StarTrek!
That is the biggest POS I have ever seen!!!!!!!!!! Wouldn't take it if they were giving them away.
My grandmother can swing a sledge hammer better than that.
  This thing is the worst looking thing I've ever seen.
I call bullshit, where do I tie off my 16 foot 2 by's, cybertruck had head start on tug of war, and whats it gonna cost me to replace those damn windows
If you can’t put a rack and an extension ladder on it, then it’s not a truck.
Elon is no Steve Jobs.....jeez, I think I could have done a better presentation myself.
The sledge is rubber I’ve used that before
Damn, for sure someone lost his her job already!! :p
Did anyone else expect the Cyber truck to threaten shooting the sledgehammer guy
that guy with hammer was a joke, but the truck is kind of neat
skip forward to 11:50 for the juicy part
How do you call this a truck ??  Have not seen anything this ugly since Chevy came out with that so called truck in the early 2000s. If this is what the future is coming to .... UUUGGG !  HELP !!!    When the window smashed  OMG !!!
he said drop the ball at a higher level... but objects drop at the same speed
Designed on a windows 95 PC
why is it bulletproof...does he want something that won't get shot in a war?
doesn't know how to use a hammer :D
Audience needs to shut up and have a bit of respect.
OK where to start? Let’s start with the windows. Since I do this for a living I know quite A lot about automobile windows. And let’s start with something that you’re not seeing. Remember that everything coming down the road contacts the windshield. Have you seen the size of that windshield? Only produced by xxx And only in Limited numbers. That you have to order, and wait for it to arrive. What about the roof? Is that all glass as well? What a pain in the a$$$
To replace. You can’t put it on your truck to take it to the job to replace it. Because it’s too damn big.
Now let’s talk about the door glasses, those are just laminated door glasses. Maybe several layers thick. Costing you even more money to replace. Yes you can’t get through them. Because they’re laminated. But they’re broken right? Well I guess you’re going to have to replace them unless you’ve got a way around passing in inspection.
Now let’s talk about that fabulous body. When you get in an accident or something hit your car, and it doesn’t bend Or collapse. All that energy is transferred where? To your body that’s where. You could make a truck out of concrete if you want to. But you won’t survive the crash. That’s called inertia. Evidently tesla does not know about inertia. Oh wait will just put more air bag$$$$ in it. Do you see where this is going? Do you think Ford Chevrolet and Chrysler Do not have crash tests? Their cars and trucks are the safest in the world. Because they have money. If they were not The safest cars in the world, the lawyers would take all their money away.
So that’s not The big thing though. The big thing is the technology aboard this vehicle. It’s not anything anyone can fix but Tesla. If something goes wrong, you have to call them. Or have the car re-calibrated by telephone or whatever. It’s a computer. on wheels.
Wait, wait there’s more. This is an electric car. So reason stands that you would have to plug it in somewhere. Where do you think all those magic pixies come from? Unicorn farts? Magic dust? No! Coal.... Dug from the ground...COAL.... That’s right folks black nasty, polluting, mining… Coal. Unless you have your own wind generator, or 14 years in front of a solar panel, or your own nuclear generator most of that electricity coming out of your outlet is produced from coal.
Wait, wait there’s even more… So you want to get out of town Ha? In your car right? Why you can’t really do that Can you? Unless you have a outlet everywhere you go. In my car, I can stop at the local liquid hydrocarbon store, and purchase a gallon of liquid hydrocarbon placed it in my liquid hydrocarbon tank, and go about 25 miles. My car is completely analog, with zero computers. And when it doesn’t start, I know I need to file the points
NowI’m all for technology but Tesla is putting the cart before the horse. There is no good way to charge a battery. And there are no good batteries as well. They both produce more pollutants, then driving my 1967 Volkswagen beetle… Non-catalyst carbureted Beetle.
I believe the future is in water. It’s made of oxygen and hydrogen. If you can separate those both. You have great potential. Producing batteries whether they are lead acid or lithium are very damaging to the environment.
Aesthetically a disaster ... the desiner was heavily drugged.
Elon Musk: appears
Audience:
TeRMINATor!!!!
i thought that guy had more charism...
lmao,, I hate it. But I still want it. Deloreanesk design.
Watch the magic show..
lol did they even reherse this? money to put rocket on moon, but not for a speech class lol.
this is not design. this is horror.
Magic Show
1:19 i love elon so much
Terminator truck.
On dirait une Citroën BX; trop moche!
Дизайн конечно гавно, неужели нельзя было покрасивее сделать? Да и стёкла подвели.
looks like crap from the future :D
If that"s the design of the future or people think its futuristic looking lmfao. i,d rather walk than be seen in that hideous beast. Just give me a horse which is a way better design .  A square box with a triangle roof?? please save me from his genius  & give me common sense  any day. If people like it and want to buy it cool but please don,t try and tell me that body shape/design  is nice looking. If car or truck manufactures start making vehicles shaped like this the future is more f!@#ed that i thought.
Looks like something off Total Recall from the 80s.
Is it me only that thinks he does not know how to speech talk, he sounds so nervous
Someone smoking good Cali Budz when designing this monstrosity - Millennials RULE
Get off stage and let the truck do the talking.
Why the hell it's so ugly??? Can't you make an electric truck that looks like modern vehicle and not like a brick?
Wow this press launch was really hard to watch. Boring, slow, many long pauses. Elon should stick to sitting behind a desk. And how can Tesla go from nice sleek looking cars to this ruler designed block with a few more angles. Big Disappointment.
jesus......
terible all around the lighting display for show is probaly the best
Nice windows..
$40k for what that thing looks stupid as hell! It's like a no-frills look'n 40 years in the future throw-back from the show Logan's Run, what a piece of crap, boooo.
you gotta be kidding me a joke?
Mad Max for Hipsters
LMFAO...oops on the glass eh...lol
Look like really bad, shame to call this PICKUP, shame with this glass
Obviously didnt swing as hard hitting the Ugly Truck.
️, Airplanes have been The same for a very long time...
I thought they left that on the moon,
Batman:Does it come in black?
he is a incredibly awkward man!
11:58.....LMFAO LMFAO
Yea the elcomino didn't stick around very long doubt a four door version that fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on its way down is going to do much better.........e-cruck
Musk for president
He got that from Robo Cop
did they design that on an etch -a - sketch urggggg
Pretty strong unlike me hahhah
Does "Franz" throw like a girl ?
  WOOOOO !
That truck might have some points but it looks like shit. He could have put a little style into it.
biggest rip off of Back to the futre ive ever seen
Most awkward presentation ever
The award for ugliest futuristic car goes to Elon Musk
ALL IN BLACK:::AND THE LADY BLACK WINGS LIKE A DEVIL
lol cyberpunk, he's too much playing game.
Hecklers at an unveiling ?
Well, thats the worst thing ive ever seen
2:20 dit u see it?
Lol, It's the "Homer" of the future !! hahahahaha !!!
No, seriously, It looks like something out of a B grade sci fi movie.
Listen to the groupies meowing in the background.
that truck looks stupid what was he thinking, maybe for military . Bust
Why is everyone so angry at this new toy..
Open your eyes, people! This Cybertruck is absolutely ugly.
worst presentation ever. us truck owners don't normally swing hammers at our trucks.
Such a ugly fucking truck I'll stick with my 2013 gmc sierra and 2015 ram Laramie.
So. The demonstrated was a lie haha
Can I just say that thing is ugly as hell
God damn it, this thing is ugly ...
This truck was horribly presented - hyper awkward.
Listen to Dan from whats inside say Wheres neo we are living in the matrix
Are you kidding me that looks like shit. I'm sorry but it has no flux capacitor that s*** looks like a 1980s DeLorean
It is a complete disappointment and bad taste, an imposed design, with an eternal desire to stand out in the crowd ...
damn
"BALLSHIT"
Typical marketing technique, they guy really never hits the truck that hard because he doesn't want to damage it, I guess living in Cali or Chicago you need a bullet proof truck. What a bunch of BS I just wasted 22 minutes of my life I won't get back watching this BS.
Not only is that the ugliest truck or so-called truck, I've ever seen but what a major blunder!   you want to claim you built the toughest truck out there and then you look like a complete idiot.    ........., hilarious.
I like Elon but that thing is Fugly!!!!!!!!!! I wouldn't drive that if you gave it to me for free!
wizards
Jp' Momentum that is a cool Car you can see ist at Youtube #Momentum
Tesla is joke looks like something my 2 year old drawed in kindergarten.
Uhhhh,,this car is ugly.
'Murica prepare for real F4.
Doesnt matter how many special tricks this monstrosity has, it is still ugly as fuck!!!
HIDEOUS
THC ???
Very poor presentation, his audience sucks and he is not a salesman by any stretch of imagination.  Now for the real world, where is the electricity coming from; coal fired & gas fires generators.  
Putting the F150 up against a 3 motor electric version wasn't apples to apples and not even close. 
There may be a market for this Tesla wonder, but it is limited. 
History has always shown us where we have been, but it's also been the guiding force for where we are headed.
i like the base design.
however it does need some exterior trim pieces.
Imagine Tesla Cybertruck as a police car 
Have to buy one! Futuristic
It looks like a futuristic El Camino to me. LOL
Coolest car ive ever seen
Top Speed chapéu veio, mas o Tesla está imaculado
Back to the future! Looks like a DeLorean! Not much thought.
Upps....
Musk did it again!
after flame throwers, mars ride, now this? i am really excited to what comes next!
You can tell that guy swinging the hammer.  I've never done manual labor in his life. . And where the hell am I going to put my fire wood at..
just ordered . can't wait
what kind of performance would you get if you gut that truck 0-60 in like 1.9 mabe  fucking mint
But imagine how fucking wild people would have gone if Keanu Reeves rolled out of that Cyber Truck
You should try to make it look like a truck, and look good
great for off-road until it runs out of battery
I wanna see it pull a Ford F-150, a Chevy or GMC Truck, and a Dodge Ram ...all 3 at the same time uphill ...it does that then I'll be impressed ....I wouldn't care that the glass broke
Can hear some blade runner sound effects at 17:20 this really is a cyberpunk car
Well designed for the police, the army special force and the farmers......Not for the ordinary familly
if it weighs more the ford would pull tesla away... regardless of how much torque the engine actually has. that comparison is total BS ...
They made the entire car in a brake press
Wait did Elon-san just start the presentation with 3D Truck Chan..?
It isn’t safe to have unbreakable windows. I’m not a fan of this thing. Just pointing out that unbreakable windows is a non-feature.
Elon musk is our universe's tony stark
There is something wrong when he hit the truck, he hit the white door with the tilted angle of hummer where the sharp edges are  6:29 ,  but when he hit the Tesla truck he hit straight no angle of sharp edge with less strength. something fishy going on I'm not a expert here correct me if m wrong thanks
Just when I thought the Fiat Multipla was bad. It is not April, is it?
You can really see how the guy with the hammer does hit the normal door a lot harder than on the cyber"truck"
and the video with shooting the body.. is just a video.. you cant even see the car.. soo..
I'm not convinced at all
And ups.. He broke the glass. Who would have expected that...
Stupid marketing for the stupid..
What an abomination ! At least it can't look any worse if you crash into something.
Also, there's a good reason trucks are built on frames: it's called adaptability !
what a fail!!! I can not believe multiple people desgined this, approved this and they all thought this looked good!!! I am still in awe that this isnt a joke. Plus Engineering Explained did a video on why the tug of war was bullshit, the presentation was a disaster, and the glass broke!!! What a mess!!!! poor elon
wow 39999 for the truck 10000 for a set of glass lol
Well what if the truck fell into water? You can’t break the windows easily
Yeah I want a truck that is really tough and not fake tough, but can you make it look normal?
"Oh Yeah, we made an ATV"
They should've thrown a Nokia 3310 at the truck, I'm seriously concerned which one of them would shatter to pieces.
That thing could haul so much fucking mustard!!
I wonder how this supertrucks hard metal absorbs energy in a crash?
Lol I didn't know that I am the designer of new Tesla car. I sent Elon Musk my сhildren's drawings just for fun, what the hell?)
can we talk about this supposed geniuses grammar.. "do it at aaa bigger height."
I’ll made a CYBER TRAILER bear proof! 
"When we say something is build tough, that's what we mean."
Also, check out the album cover for Neil Young Transformer. So much for "original" Elon
I’m gonna haul my two kayaks and two mountain bikes where on this vehicle...??? It’s more of a joke, than a truck...!!!
He better hope this thing doesn't turn into a DeLorean
everyone is making SUV's nowadays, oh look, it's a Delorean SUV.
Why did the glass break
So how long does the battery last when towing?  Where egg oes sll the electricity come from to charge the battery?
4:29 timesplitters!
Man I love the products but the keynotes really suck
Terrible comparison on the tow test a one wheel drive vs an all wheel ...most people buy a diesel to tow something with as well...and also  what kind of range can u get when pulling a full load?
Oh ya! That looks better than my Ram....lol..haha..hoho
Seemed kinda week on the cyber truck Frans
Fred Flintstone & Barney Rubble were hit men for the MOB :(
yep a toy as I thought.
So when you drive in the water with this glass, you will die.... mmm nice and safe car.... back to the drawing board.
Shots fired at Ford 
Maybe the glass broke on purpose to get even more attention...
Road salt will eat it alive.
thumps up if you think this car looks awesome
I would buy an F150 Raptor Instead.. no thx
11:58 just a little awkward 
My question is does that thing do time travel
Question...where is the truck bed?
Hanz: flammenwerfer 
Franz: sledgehammer
Elon Musk is trying to fulfill Sci-Fi movie technology.
- made for Mars -
How the hell did 11:59 happen?
nice try but it looks like a DeLorean
Why is everyone filming with their phone? Do they not know the video will be on youtube with much better quality?
Gotta be April Fools day somewhere!
It look like trach !
Clearly this is a joke... a marketing approach we've not seen before.   Whatever it takes, eventually, it will be confirmed.
Clearly this is a joke... a marketing approach we've not seen before.   Whatever it takes, eventually, it will be confirmed.
Second grade engineers!! Kid drawing of a future vehicle in the 50's!! Is this a joke?!!
PS1 game designers got to work too
those poor people trying desperately trying to sound excited...
some ones a little to keen for cyberpunk 2077 lol
Che tavanata!!!
WTF? Looks like a kid made this of cardboard. Tesla cars used to be beautiful
Der Fiat Multipla wurde gerade von seinem Thron gestoßen
The crew on stage are look like Negan's gang from The Walking Dead and Frans is Negan himself.
What the hell did I just watch?
Why are all those people holding their phones up?
why did you change the intro music? It was Tron Legacy Score by Daft Punk :(
So if you crash in the water, you will drown.
A Delorean  Truck?  Styling and even SS body.
That thing is fucking hideous.  I dont know a single person that owns a truck currently that would even consider buying that thing.  How do you claim it has the highest ground clearance but still handles very well.  Everybody with 2 working brain cells knows the higher your vehicle is off the ground the worse handling gets.
well not much of a public speaker is he.
Tesla should hire a spokesperson.
Safelite Repair...Safelite Replace
Cybertruck 2077
boy he is not a very good hype man...
Hate the roof line! Looks like a little kid got some crayons and went to town designing this thing! No style at all! Worse than its counter parts.
It's a electric coffin, made by Electric Jesus, I mean Elon.
Elon good luck to you; but your marketing sucks LMAO
DO NOT TOTALLY BUY INTO THE ELECTRIC CAR FAD!!!!, You'll all be sorry!!!!
Nope. That is not a truck. Sorry, Elon. You missed the mark.
Algum brasileiro para eu não me sentir sozinho
What an ugly beast of a car. I don't want to have it for free.
Iron Ball Permeable
How many barrels of oil does it take to just build the battery for this ugly ass monstrosity?
soo, its ugly and stuff, but its sustainable energy, easy choice for me atleast.
Crumple zones?
Who came up with the shape? And when will he be 6?
When I peel potatoes it looks the same
This is painful to watch.
It’s funny because it’s not even a truck it’s a pickup and that isn’t even a pick up
Body by plywood.
This is Your mind on drugs
Most cringy product reveal ever.
but, but, why does it look so shitty?????
Lowrider with datens
Does he always speak like that??
he was smoking pot again while making the glass
Couldn’t they have gotten someone to do the presentation that didn’t stammer?
Three things to say about this vehicule: ugly, ridiculous and stupid. Low life toys. I was a fan of Tesla, but with this pretentious presentation, my admiration for this company has disappeared.
Looks like a hummer had sex with a Lamborghini countash and this be the result
Elon is the worst at public speaking
Lmao weak hammer throws lol jk
i hope thats a practical joke (worlds Ugliest car ever) or RIP Tesla lol
ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Hes not good at public speaking. Reminds me of a kid that didnt make his own presentation. But the truck is cool Ill wait for a 2nd gen
This dude needs to lay off the caffine, he's too jittery.
The most ugly truck I ever seen !!!!
Is he high or something? 
Looks like some Canadian slapped it together from sheetmetal......
Did Jeff Goldblum write this presentation?
Stainless steel? HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM DO I SMELL ANOTHER DEAD END CAR PRODUCTION?!
Looks like hot garbage
Thats actually a plastic dead blow hammer. lol. A sledge would likely dent it. Especially if he didn't hold back like he did.
It's fuckin ugly. In Europe would not sale a single one!
ugliest truck ever
This presentation was terrible.
People in Texas use their truck beds for hauling tools and equipment where's the bed and who told you that people don't use there trucks bed for anything
Wow that car is ugly.
Im about to puke
this is one ugly ass truck
Biggest postirony i have ever seen
worst presention ever
Copied the stealth bomber design . Not a fan of hard angles and those fender wells are weird.
That is one ugly thing
That thing is so ugly
sorry,but that's one ugly ass truck,if you can call it that.
On second thought, can this thing evade radar?
It happens.. Still with Elon and Tesla.
Wow, the first 5 minutes i looked at it i thinking he is kidding, whats wrong with Elon? 5 minutes later yeah why not. 5 more i preordered that awesome it can do it all truck. I really need to have it so bad and i am not from the US... The Future is now. Watch it from different perspectives to fall in love with it..
i think the window broke because of the tests beforehand. you know, smaller fractures leading to bigger ones.
The truck is badass and the ATV tho,future
but does it really intend to sell it?
Stealth pickup
looks like a turkey tank test vehicle. And no trailer hook.
More likely to be sold out, 2 years waiting period and flipped up to 100K. Just ask the Supra and the Gladiator owners.
I love it
Elon musk: i don’t need a design program I’m Elon musk i can sell anything I can take a shopping cart ad a electric motor and a tablet and boom Tesla truck
It looks like a love child of K9 from doctor who, the Lamborghini countach, and the halo warthog
"We sustainable energy now." HHO is much more viable than EV and yet he shit all over the idea of it because it woul
d directly oppose his tech
Would have like to have seen the sledge hammer hit the corner on the door
Where can I order a life size photo print for on my wall? I want to look at it all day long .. (:
Tesla cant just copy old Ford Truck commercials
It cant be "Made Tesla Tough"
Closing that rear door looks really heavy
what about the side mirror?
It's Revolutionary
Elon musk is a terrible public speaker, but he really makes some awesome stuff.
I Like Tesla
They will not be able to produce enough.
I have never in my life wanted a new vehicle, not to mention a pickup truck.
Now I just ordered my first brand spanking new vehicle. 
They certainly do not need to install a Tesla badge on this one.
This will last for my lifetime if not into 22nd century.
The clothes and way they advertised it was kinda cool, but at the same time it looked pretty stupid when that woman had on what was essentially a feather embroidered shoulderpad....
wow if this is real i might actually want this truck more than a car only because deer will bounce the fuck off it without damaging it. deer are crazy around here. 
WAIT they wont make a motorcycle but they'll make an ATV?
Did you notice when the ATV driver closes the rear door, how heavy it was? Look at unveil video (​@)
More flames amd flashing lights with lasers next time please. Throw in some dancers and fireworks with strippers on poles and NFL lineman pushing it in with a bed full of beers. Every man would buy it.
He didn’t hit it hard
No side mirrors?
This Tesla Cybertruck is amazing, the best car in the world, robust and reliable. Elon Musk you did a great job, thank you very much.
Is Musk always this awkward on stage? I've never watched a Tesla event before this, so I don't know.
7:17 look at the weak ass swing
Preordered mine
…... Well, when an F-117 Stealth Fighter and a pickup truck love each other *very much*…..
;)
Coolness does not equal good design....
Do you offer Teflon coating for the politician model?
11:59 Oh my fucking god
Get the two motor awd, it’s 69k
Cyber Punk Truck , hideous, but a buy for the specs
elon would you kindly give the usaf their F-117 back
Can I buy one and put a Diesel engine in it???
Try Coal Rolling that Cold Rolled steel!
My electric truck powered by coal
Suicidal doors would have been awesome .
Love the utility but it's beyond ugly
Can i bring my kids to school with that?
I know it had to be different. But why did it have to be that ugly?
Looks like a jacked up lambo
this truck would be great if labour gets elected
How much for the atv
ohhhkay who replaced the windows right before the show
3:08 I was like "Dafuq is this? 100 years of no evolution to design so let's make something uglier?"...
“Trucks have always looked the same, pretty bland...so we decided to make one that was uglier than anything we have ever seen before”
Serious question: Are some of the "Wohooo'ers" and clappers payed? Because I really can't fathom that anyone would behave like that?
what about the James Bond submarine mode?
new fiat multipla?
What a bullshit demo - he totally held back on the hammer swing hitting the Tesla door
Yea, burn hydro, natural gas, and hydro
a ad every two goddamn seconds!
Poor Ford. They were shitting themselves on the 20th Nov. Now they're pissing themselves with laughter.
Looks like shit. Every good thing about this vehicle could have been done with a compelling and attractive shape. 
Could have been the ICE pickup killer at this price. 
Instead, it's the ugly play thing of a bored billionaire.
Did he not rehearse his presentation?
He looks baked   ;)
Painful to watch  what a disappointment  The Rivian people should be jumping out of their seats
Yea it doesn't look like anything else, it's the ugliest thing i ever seen.i look like a kid could drawn this thing.this looks futuristic thing from the 80's..not a future truck from 2020 and beyond.Color:Aluminium frying pan
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
11:59 12:19, 12:38. ️
Here’s a boomer we cannot insult
Lame ! This Truck Looks like 90´s Gameplay on PC   ;)
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
I'm laughing at the superior intellect....HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!  Its a freaking truck man......HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA! .HA! HA! HA! HA!
What is the mirrored pyramid in top right ? 4:32
Haters gonna hate
And should remain the same! What a joke this is!  Too bad this thing wasn't available for the moon landing.
If you watch this video 2 times, then your bank balance will be reduced by 70K USD so be aware
I wouldnt give you £5 for this piece of junk
Ugly piece of future. 
I love a simple mechanical thermostat.
Cybertruck 2077
Cyber truck more like SIFY truck gone wrong. this vehicle should have been produced by Lockheed Martin for war missions or NASA as a rover mission to Mars and or Hollywood for the Mad Max movie . This is no short of a military grade vehicle minus a gun turret/rocket luncher . any small vehicle collision with this thing will result in certain total collision.  if you’re trapped inside this thing will be a nightmare for rescue team to rip through 3 layers of titanium metal to get you out on time.
Why not be honest and call it what it is, a coal fired truck. That's where the electricity comes from.  Been driving trucks for nearly 40 years and this is ugly as hell. Show me one with a ladder rack and a tow hitch. Ugly
I am ready for an apocalypse
It's the Truck of the FUTURE for the DRUG CARTELS and Millionaire nuts that are afraid their Bad deeds are going to catch up to them.....
that's an INSULT!
Transparent aluminum anyone?
looks like ass, hard pass
He acts like a Street performer..just not as good......The biggest Scammer in the world........
That entire presentation and truck is horrible... good luck Tesla.
why is grimes doing an accent
Police cybertrucks.
no critics on mars anyway
boys have so much fun...
The same group that says they will go to mars can’t figure out a product reveal... shareholders please let that sink in
Hahaha ... with the load it even can not stand straight.
Not everything DIFFERENT is GOOD... here's an example
I tot the Rivian truck was ugly but LOL  the Tesla truck it’s a joke the ugly i ever seen:( looks like NASA moon  truck :( maybe Elon musk thousand say all the truth maybe he designed this truck for Mars , I hope he is going to come normal our earth  truck :) , 
No gauge in the front of the wheel all the time you have to look in the center it’s kind a little bit dangerous it takes the ice from the road, 
Hahaha  LOL  
Just think  how much the glass lt’s going to cost $$$$$$ I hope the truck it’s not junk like the glass:((

If he hit the car the same way he hit the windows the car will be damage to :) junk
He cooy the designe from the stelth plane ....
You environmentalists know this ultimately runs on coal right?
Next reveal... uhhh yeah we’re going to mars yeah... uh yeah
. . . are those 'rubber' tires? ehm, petroleum!
WHAT THE FUCK?
how about you show us the crash test footage as well as side impact and rear... tho i feel this car will fail them all.... cheap, tacky and over priced...  and..... how about you remove nikola tesla name... !!!!!!!!!!   nikola tesla would NOT approve!!!!!!
11:36 The Cringe Begins...
This is NOT a truck this is a piece of crap!  Why didn't he make an electric truck?  If this is the competition then the F150 will remain the best selling truck.  It barely holds that ATV.  How much gravel can it hold?  How much can it tow?  Those are the questions you ask of a truck.  Again, this is NOT a truck!
Swings a sledge hammer like he is whipping paint at a canvas lmao.  Ford execs are howling at Dearborn right now. Good way to
Shove your foot in your mouth!
Say sike right now
Yeah we are going to mars yeah.  We have transparent glass yeah... it’s hard glass yeah
Y CUANTOS MILLONES DE DOLARES VA A VALER ESA BASURA JAJAJA..
Horrible vehicle
Im sorry but Elon is the worst speaker I have ever heard.
Looks like something from a cheap '80s made for TV sci-fi movie.
that is some cringeworthy content. From the first to the last second.
Ol musky
Ugliest truck in the world
Lame
Look at all these quere millenials
So, who is the gay guy doing the presentation?
gay car
Jajajaja jajajaja SSSSCAAAAAMMM
O carro é muito feio
its ugly
ugly car
