
Learning outcomes (form definitive module document)

1. Demonstrate the knowledge and understanding of advanced machine learning methods, and their effectiveness for the analysis of numerical data.

2. Be able to critically evaluate the research paeprs and methodologies

3. Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of a range of neural networks as models of neural computation.

4. Be able to work as a part of a team to achieve computer data analysis task at a professional and equivalent level.

Assignment Tasks:

Stock market prediction and financial analysis using Keras

1. Analysis of stock data: (seasons, volatility, and non-stationary nature)

2. Application of keras: Data preprocessing, training, and forecasting

Data:

Select a specific company's stock or a general stock index, from Yahoo finance API using yfinance. 

Stock market prediction with keras and deep learning, backed by a review of relevant scientific literature. 

Submission:

Describe one specific model architecture in keras used for stock analysis

Highlight any preprocessing technique used before feeding into the model

Consider potential economics, technological, and ethical implications of using AI for stock prediction

1.  Create Slide presentation

Slides of 10 pages detailing your findings
Introduction to the chosen stock/company
A brief overview of LSTM and their suitability for stock data
Preprocessing techniques applied
The LSTM architecture and parameters choosen
Results and Prediciton from the model
Limitation and Potential areas of improvement

2. Colab Notebook
Well-commented, each steps are clear and replicalbe
Include sections for data loading, preprocessing, model definition, training, prediction, and evaluation

Note: Each group should submit one slide presentation in pdf format, and shareable link to your colab notebook.

Marking:

Based on 
1. The depth of the analysis, 
2. Your understanding of methodology
3. How well you present the context and conclusions
4. Quality of references 
5. Overall quality of your presentation


Overall Marking

10 - Problem statement and presentation
10 - Exploratory Data Analysis
10 - Model Implementation
10 - Forecase Performance

Total: 40 Marks








